---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:02
Hello, everyone. Hi, Dominique, hi, David. Hello, everyone. Hello, on... Hello, Marie. Hello, Samantha. Okay, let's see who's here.
All right, everybody, welcome back. Happy... Day. Welcome to DVE, the Big Foot Blueprint Workshop. Before we get started, let's... Us in the room today. Ignite time. Type "ignite" in the chat. Velocity fam, type "velocity" in the chat. Type "in" in the chat.
If you're part of more than one community, feel free to type both. Has got their market pick out already. If you've completed yesterday's homework and have your market selected, type "D3 ready" in the chat, and if you're feeling... Drop your market or news into the chat. Let's see what those are as the... Who calls for postcards. 200 postcards. Thank you.
Okay. Yesterday was about clarity, history, why traditional and TED size and blocks are losing ground, why as changing the way people discover information, and why directories are emerging as one of the biggest opportunities in today's market. More importantly, he challenged us to identify our market validays, are niches, and starting differently about how we create authority online. Today we move from clarity to implementation. Today's directory bill day. Yesterday Perry promised that they would begin bringing this idea live, and that's exactly what we're here to do today. Joining us today are Russell, CEO, Paris Chief Technology Officer, and Julius Sebast, CEO of Paris Rival Media Events. Together they'll be helping guide today's implementation session as we've been building our directories and creating ideas into assets.
Before we drop into the build portion, very... We will be kicking things off with live DNA, so if you have questions from day one, now is the perfect time to get them answered. Before we move forward, a few quick resources before we begin. For those of you who love your kick slides, yesterday I thought the DA was slides in the chat, let me find my chat, there you go, and row replays are not available for VPS and Ignite VIPS. You should already have received an email with access to your replay portal. Ignite.
I'll drop the replay link in the chat. It's gonna be ignitemaster.org Slack with a blueprint and to make things easy, created by the link document where I'll be collecting all the more work resources in one place. You'll find a big blueprint that comes by colleagues. Whether you're joining us as a Workth participant or as a part of the Nighttime Velocity FIR or even Master Patty, we're excited to have you here.
All right, everybody, get your presence ready, get your market ready. It's Bill day. Let's see if the man of the hour is here. Did you have any additional housekeeping? Yes. I wanted to make it easy for guys to click on the homework yesterday.
So we made the worksheet form fillable so you can have a digital one and you can type in the answers to the checkboxes and print from there. So I dropped a link there and it'll add that to the vital link but what works out for today cannot wait for these leaders and PAS company Russell too, as well as Perry himself.
I'm excited you guys too. Back to Tricia. Excited. So people are asking how they can get the display. If you're a night fam or VI, you'll get the replay and if you're not getting the ID but want to upgrade to ID, we'll post the link shortly for... We have got people.
If you have questions for Perry, we'll be having Perry soon so get your questions ready. What's the resource? No, it's a will. What's the resource linked up? Post the resources linked again. It's make-a-blueprint.com SLA vital links, everybody.
Okay, we've got the man of the hour, Mr. Perry Belcher, to kick off. Hey, everybody, Harry Perry here, good day.
Yeah, good day. Welcome back with us. I'm excited to be here today as the ladies for... Thank you so much, Forcia. Thank you so much, Angie, for being together for us. Today is a run-of-the-mill day, right? We got more days of workshops left yesterday. Basically, concentrating on the big idea, a niche selection, helping you model out what area you want to go into. I need a great tool to use to bounce off ideas, ask questions, and figure out really hopefully how you'll use it for how much money to make.
It's going to be as good as it is pretty good. I think really the purpose of that tool is to help you hone down on the niche selection that you should have, which market is what angle you can take on the market, and where much opportunities broadly might be.
So today we're going into the actual build of the directory. So you're going to be working with two of the best builders there are because there aren't that many direct builders. Frankly, if you called 100 builder companies right now after the video... I venture to say most of them wouldn't know how.
It's not a very well-known thing. So we're going to... As I'm going to do that yesterday. So I want to make sure that nobody feels left out or feels like their question from yesterday didn't get the answer.
We'll dive into that and we go. So these guys, I'll explain a little bit before they come on. The nature of the way they're doing. There are really two parts to how you build a directory. It's not hard, but it is really sequential.
So they'll be on to go through that with you. So with that being said, I'll start off with some... Any right? I look like I got Raph up first. Raph, around. Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks much. Question... Something jumped out yesterday, and I really love that you're talking about how he wanted to be specific and dive deep down to the needle or whatever you call that.
It is going to be better than a general search. So I took that incredible hundred and 1189, you know, resources you shared with us, and I started talking with, you know, Gemini about how to search that and how that's what we're looking for.
And what we came out with was tailors that do their vegan or gluten free or specialized food in NE yeah, is a city. Well that was cool, except there's like eight or yeah or something like that's the narrower the specific niche the more difficult it's going to be to localize that you don't need to so if so instance with as like that if I gonna do vegans you know is dot com if it's available on a it with a vs directory or whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. That's worldwide search. You know, I'm sure there people that search that all over. Just like people search kosher cars or, you know, or, vegetarian caterers, which can get vegetarian are different.
I know that for a long time, but now I understand. But, you know, free caterers or whatever the case may be. I think that you know, that's a really good example of a useful directory because if you're.
If you're a vegan and you want something cater that' veg you're going to call a catering company in town to figure out who's vegan and who's not. So it really helps people. It's you gotta think about, you know, really important think about the usefulness of the tool, right?
That's really the key to this. If a tool is useful, it's be successful. If it's not useful, it's not successful. That's as to people, I don't have many people you can go onto. I use suggest by, mail to tell it's like ten dollars a month, I think, and it'll tell you exactly how many people looking at being engages, right?
If you become director of Engages, i'm certainly going to take a remition of that. And if people are looking for Van Master Nashville on AI and your vegant.com and you have a listing in Nashville, likely they're going to feed them your listing versus just three random catering companies from Google Maps that say they're vegan. Does that make sense?
Yeah, really well, I don't worry about it because I'm like, "Do you want to satisfy like boom?" It's how easy to do that we're going to come out on that really is the caterer in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The thing is we do this nationwide, you're going to get a really narrow... Cool, can we...? Yeah, thanks.
So when you do that, here's a story I'll tell you quickly. I'm a huge believer. I told the story a lot to my machine. People forget me for telling the story again. But let me tell you the story, and I'll tell you two parts of it. When I was... When I found my first business, I was in Mall Intor, Missouri, and had a mall store.
I was walking to the mall one day, and there was a new store up. The mall... Walk with me, and I said, "What?" I started getting its exciting story. It's another SE store, and how many shoes do I have? Ten SE stores. He said they're 15 stores, and I said, "Why?" There's only one big shoe store in the mall, and it was a shoe... It was awesome.
So all the shoes... Everybody, by the way. He said one of the smartest things I've learned is, "It's less stuck for ever." He said that's the way people buy shoes. So people buy things very narrowly. They search very narrowly.
The more expert you seem at that thing, the more likely they are to buy it from you. If you seem to be the resource for the interring, then chances are not only are humans going to trust you more. AI engines acting like humans are going to trust you more. Does that make sense? It does.
So the best way to have a separate mini-site for different cities or when one site is necessary in any shop like that if there's no specialized regional thing to that like there were... Me text... Mexicos, which would probably be too small a market to drill down to, right?
But there's a really interesting thing, these little bitty unserved markets where we're going to pick massive amounts of needle traffic. I call it... So I'll tell you one more story that illustrates this point really well. Gary Hart, you know, Mary, it's the greatest copywriter...
He sent out a letter many years ago that was a fact-famous piece of the industry. So he basically mailed the phone book and everybody in the phone book and just said, "We're... Let me turn this off." He said, "We found the family crest from your family."
If you want to make one for a beautiful black family crest, we'll make a hundred dollars as was, and the boards were wildly successful. He did, I think, $100 million for family crests. So I wrote a mail over a period of ten years.
But here's what's interesting. Here's how to talk about it. The Smiths and the Jones didn't buy. It was Higginbothams they bought because the Smiths and Jones had seen stuff with their name like before, the Higginbothams never had.
So the more weird the name, the more odd or rare the name, the more likely they were to buy the thing because of specificity to them. Does that make sense? So you're what you're doing here is casting this major net, right?
That's going to pull up a few whales, but it's going to pull up hundreds of thousands of minnows. And those minnows coming in from all different directions, who can be easily directed to another site, your home page or money page or an offer page or whatever that gets your website a whole new level of authority and trust with Google.
So you don't have a page, you don't have... If you have a blog, if you look at a blog, I've got blogs with 4000 posts, right, and 80% of traffic comes from 200 posts. That's always true.
The other ones get almost no traffic. Right. But in this situation, you've got tens of thousands of pages out there all getting a few clicks here and there, and it accumulates and makes you just appear insanely authoritative. Really fast.
That's the reason directories always outrank almost anything else. You can't hardly go on the web and in any term that Wikipedia is not top five for, it's really hard to find them to be the top five.
It's because they're well documented, well interlinked directory of information, basically encyclopedia information, so hopefully that helps. Well, I just heard this. I just said in the door, go and look at this stuff for another really quick. I was trying to use the directory mentor. How you use the GPC it loads, but any inquiry you put into it says, "We're sorry, but you don't have access to GPT interactions as a message."
So I mentioned yesterday... So I got more times on how everybody else is having that same problem log in you have that same problem. What I did, I originally switched over to the business account chat accounts.
What you have to do is go into your actual workspace and go deep in. There's a toggle button where you have to allow to accept third party chat on the personal profile. You don't have to allow that.
But once you switch into a business account, you have to allow that. I didn't know that you try to log... You just got a meet it out... Or something you wait. I saw you to log in... Next blank page so that didn't work either, but I'll try to... For the little pudel that you're talking about. Awesome, so much rough. Thank you, Vincent. Good afternoon if you hear me.
Okay. Yes, sir. Great. Two questions. The first question pertains to the sales stating that all members will be receiving a link to a video replay and there seems to be some confusion between us and the sports staff. The sports... As you should be getting... I can speak on that. Perry actually, I just spoke with the team.
Yes, the promise is that all people will get them within 24 hours after the workshop wraps. So we'll have these for you guys as workshop raps. We have all three days, you guys. 24 hours that you guys can reference as the burning. You're getting it out, Vincent. That means after all the episodes are completed, then we'll receive it. Yes sir. No, yes, you'll... As get it same day, so our next day within right away. Everyone else gets them within 24 hours of the workshop writing up.
Okay, that was just David. Okay, we're regarding domain names, school there, SEO keyword stuff and things of that nature. There's a make a difference in one storing than the other. Pick a domain. So we have a domain that ends in AI or .com or .net viable. Is anyone... Than the other? They really don't matter nearly as much anymore. What I think matters most is, and we talked about this yesterday, you really need to be... The goal of all this is that you're going to be seen more and more. No, really a lot more. AO right, so you want to name that's gonna be clear what you do and trusted because generally speaking... I'm gonna give you three options the option, right?
If you're gonna say who's the best... Who's the best source of this, that or the other thing. It's going to give you listings from different sites. We's going to say, according to sewing.com, this is the best sewing mainer. Sewing.com is going to have more weight than Pete's sewing machine blog.com, right?
So I try to do something worth if I were you. What we do right now is like we might do a short word that's memorable and in a long longer term at the end. So it might be ACORN she repair. So now we have a brand, which is ACORN and SE repair.
But if you're doing a directory, you really don't want to brand it so much. Directories are largely unbranded now. Bigger ones are you all. And these things in Glass door, they all have things. It depends on how you want to approach it.
I think the move is if you don't have a famous name, you want to name the third degree of clarity, does that answer your question? You're going to directly... Okay, yeah, this is the show under... I don't search for when we find you in Google... Yeah, okay, fair enough. Okay, thank you. One of the things to... In your name, by the way, if you want something that's almost guaranteed, it's just the word reviews.
If you're doing Cleveland architectural reviews, you're probably going to get... If you want to go to a city because of the architecture you're probably going to pretty do with that. Review sites are seen as trusted, and one of the things I'm seeing a lot of directories that's really interesting is making them .org, which gives you a little more trust. Most people believe that .org has to be a Perry, and that's not true. Give me your organization, Bill. What's up, buddy? You man, be twins. Good man.
Yeah, I love this one's everything. I think it a couple of years ago I was painting that rump for most of all of it's really hard to build. Yeah, they were really hard to build back then, before they were both agents.
It's really hard to build. Yeah. So this whole thing, I mean, actually your little helper there, the DBT was great. I mean it just bust through it like I do all the... I put in some crazy apps questions, it's like I'm off track by the time and go... It gives good answers, right?
So I like it was pretty well trained. Yeah, that one's pretty good. I'm pretty... I'm going to it. In old days, before I got into business, I was a survey, legal survey doing all this junk.
So it happened to be on your list. Go figure. I never got a surveyor or geomatic type people ever do. I did much research and that seems like a really strong market. Believe they're not a directory, and it's mainly a directory of... It was completely different than I would have thought. Your thing said no, it's not a good idea to just go there and say for end users to go after businesses.
So it went through this whole thing of why businesses would do it, and it really pinpointed it down to all these tools that software tools and R as and all these other things that the survey guys do all the time.
It really honed down the idea of being something I think would be great. I'm going to go try and see how you... An action taker. Bills, one of our best students in taking summer, doesn't think much. I like that.
I mean, Bill does. He goes and takes a concept and runs. It just goes and makes money instead of talking about it. Think about it in the face he's done very well with. That's a proud pro success. No, thank you. Appreciate it.
Yeah, you're right. I just take it exactly what it is. In fact, with regard to the website, of course, there's the AI studio on Springboard, and everybody's saying, "Can you get into this?" We have a studio that's become a gold gym now because you've got the websites.
It's even better yet. So that's a totally different topic. I'm surely not there anyway. Indeed, thanks, I appreciate Bill and Steve. Okay, so we're going to have a few more minutes. I've got a lot of questions, so okay, I want to... As many questions as we can get down to a minute.
That's great. Okay, I hope it's quick. So I pick a niche. I'm looking like a gun niche, so I narrow it down more to the polsters' guts. My question is, "Where am I to get all that?" I'm thinking software there's like data there.
So that's the things that we're going to... Two parts, right? So today Julius Sebast is going to be showing you basically how to gather the data, improve the data, and all that. And I think Russ... If I'm Mike, how do I go to do it? LinkedIn doesn't work on the data side. Russ works on the bills.
So we're going to do it if you do two parts together: the data organization to clean data and when you're ready to build, you build a shell, right? You build a face, and all of a sudden it just builds instantly, and you understand that later.
But there are a lot of sources of data. I'm going to give you guys a gift in the break when we make a break at 03:00. I've really gifted you guys to help with the data. It's easy to find an instance. I tell you, I'm a gun carrier dot... We don't have a directory there yet, but we're working on one.
Our directory is all gun parts. It's just a directory for guns. So it's a mechanical breakdown of guns. There are a lot of APIs that are available for that. Okay, so that I will... Yeah, I'm not going to find a million points anymore. No, but you may have to pay for that data, right? Something that's free, somebody gets paid, right?
You can mine data with AI, but mining data is generally more expensive than buying. Okay, does that make sense? That makes sense. Now that makes me more in tokens. But one of the things that's really cool when you get the data in your database is that one thing I'm talking about tomorrow is licensing your data back out as an API so once you've organized that data, let's say, for instance, that Fortst.com has a lot of organizing data.
But I'm done. I have the best API for conmency in the world, so if you want to do something dimension-related, I'll just license my data back out to you for far less than you can go do yourself, right?
If a hundred people license the data, it's very profitable and more than pay for my cost to accumulate and enhance the data the first time, does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, it's an out-of-the-box game.
Yeah. That's great. The main point was that we're going to do that so you have sources up the buzzo before you get a call today. Okay, cool. There's that. The next I know we're going to move them quickly.
Yeah, real quick. So my next one is how's DES? There are competitors even sales websites that are selling. They have a big directory of... You have to have them all. You have to be comprehensive.
That's the secret. I mean, you've got every holster, every gun model. They're even... I know there are gun apps out there. We can get all the details on every gun. So if you want to figure out how the holster's going to work with that big of a gun, you can.
Do a matching service. I can match the gun to the holster, which might be a premium service, and that's... I'm about that. I don't know if we get that or I'll try to, but if not, we'll... You're ready.
But it sounds like I'm going to get in there. We do advance calls. So every week for the next six weeks, if you're a night number, we're building. We're building the next week. We're going to be doing as weeks building... I'm more advanced. There's one thing I can't cover. There's no way to cover.
It is once you get to the point where you've got demand and you've got customers here and you've got people over there. The next set of monetization is being in the marketplace is beginning to sell the holsters to the... Why I'm on that route. You can't sell them.
It's difficult. You can... I've got a friend of mine doing about $100,000 a day right now. You can't, but it's a pain in the... Google lets you buy easier than Facebook does. Social's more difficult. There's ways around it, but it's... Yeah, it's one reason why you space more because advertising has been... Yeah, but here's the thing I want to tell you guys, let me tell you why this video... Because there are not advertising vehicles that will make you much more profitable as now, right?
If I'm in the holster business, you're not... You're my only source. I get traffic. One of my friends has built a whole directory on Cards Bansker. You can advertise it, but organically he'll grow with paperes.com.
So you... I should say, but he'll grow with paper views. The point where all these bake companies are the only choices for advertising him that makes sense. Yeah, that's why I'm done, right? We can't run it. I'm like, "Well, we got to build a directory and..." Yes, exactly. We got to roll well, we're going to stop at Rufina. Do you mean it by... Must be that late?
I have a co-website, and I'm thinking about using that as my directory. It's ranking high, and I don't want to say the name because I again, does it make sense? It doesn't make sense as a direct, it's not, for example, it doesn't say, like, "pi.com has two or three letters before that."
Yeah, and so if you don't... You should get 200 on the domains. It doesn't matter as much other than having a certain degree of authority, if you've already had traffic, you're already that's way ahead.
Yeah, okay, the other part is what can I go but how can I join the ignite? How much is it? No, you can just message Tricia or... Whether they can tell you Tricia or Angie can tell you about it. Okay, sounds okay. Cool. Thank you, Debbie, thank you. I'm sorry to miss... Quick, I got the schedule before I miss out. Debbie, Mary.
I've been building for five or six years now, and I'm one of the largest real estate referral Facebook groups. There is about 4,000 numbers, and I own 200... Groups with the real estate investors in them.
So just from the conversation yesterday, I would like to have a directory that investors create their buybox on and realtors can find people with a matchmaking directory. Yeah, I think it's a super winner.
If you have bodies already in that space... We were trying to do a Dany John's... I mean, the guy from Sharky. We were trying to do one with angel investors meeting entrepreneurs, being getting to be sharks.
It was a lot of interest in it. They had complexity with Capital One. It wanted to do it, and they were worried about liability from... Didn't want to do it. It was a great idea, and we built it basically as a dating app. We built it like a dating app, and guys could talk about how to do it.
I think that's extraordinary if you've got that audience already. I mean, you're 99% away there, and they're super sticking. Isn't enough. They're super sticking. Isn't it? I see another path to have a vendor network there for vendors that want to work with the investors. I'm trying to do a search triangle better.
Yeah, Julius sounds really cool. I don't have time to talk about it, but we have some properties. We have multiple directories. So living multiple directories on a property, does that make sense? Yes. So you have a directory and a product directory, and courses, all related, but you can stall that directory software times on software on one property 345, 10, and an infinite amount of times. Frankly, that makes sense.
Sometimes, you're better off to do that because if you make the huge... They're going to talk to you today about basically two stages of Rey build. Stage one is like 2,300 listings, and you're done with WordPress with a plugin and other things, and you can make it better than WordPress, but it becomes challenging.
There's another way to build words spills. We can build an infinite-sized directory. So it's a little more complicated to do that way, but not really. I mean, it's not that hard, but I think that's... You weren't harder than you know you're going to get any money. Thanks, sorry. You know I could be interested in that. Yes, ma'am. Thank you, Mike.
Yeah. Thanks. Very much appreciated. It's been great. I know it's no questions, but could you just quickly walk through how we think about filling out the worksheet? Yeah, let me go real quick. It's really quite simple.
All you're asking, all we're asking here, and it really doesn't... This is an exercise to get your mind open up, right? I am the director. The most important thing here is I'm director of Blank for Blank.
That's really if you don't follow all the rest of it, it matters, right? The more families that it crosses over into, the better, right? If you can have more than you can be a director of people, places, and things, you're going to be better than just being a director of people. Or...
So if you're a directory of vegans looking for a place to live in Kansas, right? You're going to probably be better. The more you're going to be more, and you're going to see more authority on that subject.
If you figure there are a lot of partner websites, right? But if you're... I can't do it right now. I have to do it on the next round. I Michael as well, I got to stop it. Refreing... Like I said, but if you're looking for an apartment in New York City, you're not going to apartments.com, you're going to a New York City part of Finder because it appears more... Does that make sense?
Yeah, so the more stay you can get, the more authority you'll be, the more authority you are, the follower your climb, and the more trust you'll have with the audience. Okay, yeah, I appreciate clarity. No worries, Dimitri is to you. As for conversions and we talk to the sales I'm loves next week so thank for love me myself Sereal I'm thanks for coming.
Yeah, absolutely. So I guess my question is I have a folio in business in the early 90s. It was nice at first so I know I have domains. Some are really great. I'm trying to re-focus on something I'm using like this one, which is on newjersey's...jtheserviceprovidering.com.
Right about netw yesterday for of Horizon my questions I usual translateytch this how much somebody likes something right? I'm trying to understand specifically that's why I sent it to you. That was very weird.
Yeah, that was weird. Is that a good approach to figure out how...? I think Curtst is probably not that big a thing about probably 5000 or 500. It's got to be hard to find it. I don't see a competition the trend look Google trends like what are you doing to determine... Are you spending time doing this because well it really... It's hard to... You don't know about traffic volume right? For instance, if you're your director's about nail polish right? You got a lot of nail polish views you've got a lot of nail polish.
But what? But if you're a directory of dirtwork companies and you try to find out who's an excavation company who does crane real... You got crane rental directory. Man, if I get ten visitors a day, you're going to get a lot of money because crane rentals $10,000 a day.
So you and a lot of people are going to advertising. I'm a big fan of a called industry dive indust dive and they're thirty markets in NEWSPACE. They're building directors, right? Unfortunately to compete with us, but there're thirty markets and they're like pharmaceutical dive, agricultural dive, banking dive.
So they're in these super high value per click markets. Does that make sense? Yeah. So you all the strips they charge as if they're over a hundred dollars. They may not be worth the... I think that they all work out because at the end of the day, the things that get the most traffic are going to be the lowest ticket. The stuff that gets you might get 10 people to go to your pre-rental directory a day.
But you might get 500 people to go to your equipment rental directory a day. The equipment rental might be worth $20, the rental might be worth $1,000. It balances itself out. I don't think there is a bad directory.
Honestly, I really don't. As long as... That DDP you'll tell me like this is a monetizable directory doesn't make sense. What's the potential directory like this? What's the total addressable market then they call it the TTM what's the total deal market for this?
You can have consumer science of these have to be as silent of them doesn't have to be... Yeah, for sure I'm going to join your success. I don't... Reach out just... We're... If you guys want something that we're happy to have you, but I want to concentrate on delivering the value paid first. Let's do that first and go from there.
Okay? Thank you, Dimitri. Rufina, the last one. Michael, I can't... I deliver everybody's everin. I'll come back to Michael right after you'll be next up after that. Rufina, yeah, a lot of the topics will require constant updates. Does the software automatically update the listings and drop those that are gone at the new ones, or do you have to sit there manually and do it yourself?
That's a fine question. You can actually set up to auto-it for a certain period of time and most APIs so you're playing data. So let's forstancere doing couplets right? If you're doing, you can get an API from stub or an API from that's what I'm trying to tick master and tech masters free API that'll show you every concert in America, right?
So you. So you're doing concerts that's what you wanted so you every concert America and to rate those concerts. So people who have been... If you've been to see this person before, Boser experience was good or bad. They loved, they saw the great wide, they said so but the concerts are going to be rapidly changing so that API is to update every single day and that happens automatically and you can have enhancement set up and I'm sure Julius will show you that the enhancements can happen every day automatically to workflow.
Okay, it's not... There's not a simple thing in the world to do, right? I'm not to anybody and tell you that you're going to be a dumb rock to do this. I mean you've got to a little bit of intelligence to do it and you got to think and systems a little bit to do it, but it's very durable.
But the payoff is enormous, right? The payoff is huge. So the effort levels a little bit higher than the payoff levels are 100x bigger. What if several people from this workshop create the same directory? Are we going to be in competition? Sure, is that a problem? I really wouldn't want that. There are 1191 of them, so we'll say I wouldn't... You're worrying about the wrong thing here. Are you trying to talk yourself out of doing something? No, I just don't want to end up with competing with somebody in the same group and having a whole time work to get ahead of them and that kind of thing.
Yeah, I can't ban the group from doing any one particular thing. So just try to do something that's uniquely that you know something about that you have some experience and you're going to have an edge. Or as the lady that's as investors gen as real estate investors dad's, she's not you and some people are some of that's I'm boss and tell you that there are markets without competition.
If you find markets without competition, there's a good reason why there's money in that market. So competition just builds your thing and goes, and you'll likely outperform others. Okay, I'm going to... Here's a magic bullet on how you never pick up and go into a market. I don't know. I want to find out who's in the market so we don't fly. You can't... There's nobody to do that, nobody would.
So yeah, I'm... Ancing real quick and a slide to slide quick second and we're going to get run and guys started so they got covered today. I let's left the meeting. I already... Okay, and yeah, so all right, so this is Bill, so we're going to Russ Smith and Julius Sebast company in a second.
Like I said, guys, I hope they didn't leave because they let me be. Yeah, are they here, man? All right, cool, so these guys are going to guide you through. I'm going to watch with them. If I feel like it's super complicated, I'll...
If you guys feel like you're totally lost at any time, just raise your hand and... No, not raise your hand, just in the chat... I have lost, I'm lost. I don't understand this part. She'll let them know and they'll go back and recover. Julius and Russell both are two of the most patient humans I've ever been in my life. They're not only excellent technical innovators, they're incredibly patient teachers.
So you... I promise you would much rather have them than me for this section of the show, right? So I'll... Right Russ... But yeah, Russ's amazing juice is amazing. Both of these people have been with me. Russ has been... How many years? Russ?
That's like 13, maybe 13. How many years you guys? More than a decade now, probably. Yeah, I think you're probably closer to 80, closer to 20 that you already... Yeah, so 18 years, I think Russ has been with me, so you know that Julius has been with me.
So these guys are not... They're long in the tooth. They've been around me a long time to their... You know, just doesn't look like he's twenty years old, so at least Russ has got the great hair to prove that he's worked very well, so...
But I'm going to turn this over to him on the show, and I'll come back to the break we're going to run from now. We'll say there's a break. We'll take a break for a gun at point... But guys, show me how to build a record. Let's go.
All right, so you need to go first. Yeah, I think it's a good time to show him exactly your process. You nail it down. You have a team, and I believe the process you made has been able to be replicated over and over for success.
I love for it to be shared. "Hey, before you do that, Julius, can you hop over and show them a directory or two or what one looks like just so you can see what colors go?" So these are one of the properties we have in home settings. Let's go farms and markets near you like here, directory.
So this is one of the directories we have. So let's say let's go to Texas, let's farmer's market in Texas here. Let's see, maybe this one in Dallas... It looks he's going fast. The websites that he creates and gets for you guys are fast, and that's how it works.
That's great. You would notice here how the data is actually not stored that this was as very careful about having stored content actually has to have a lot of information, and you have to get from different sources.
I'm going to walk you through that process later on. How to have a really comprehensive content and not the same content like this at the time. You don't have a SE schema as well in there somewhere. So I'll walk you through the process of how we scraped this and how he automated this. Autonomously.
So this is one of those to define what people schema is. It's their term for everybody. So I'll make sure you got that. So there are certain areas under the directory that have entries, and each one would be eligible for AO where I believe the LMS would pick up on some of that schema data like where it's at, location, times, all that information that he's talking about, really great enhanced data.
That SL data will be able to trigger like... Is that one of the things that'll get out there? Yeah, so weather fields that we produce in speakable fields. So those are English biographs listing that are actually easier understood by them right now, which is Google or... That's be spoken because you know that searching... So these work differently.
We want your properties to be easy to find. So look out. For example, we have... What one? By the way, so you guys will notice this is a directory built directly within an existing site for... So we're talking about earlier homestead.com, the directory was added to the site, and we have... If we want more directories, we're a director here on farmland where people buy farmland in America based on water, soil, and environment, things like that.
So this homestead.com probably may end up having, as you have four or five different directories running inside of it. You mentioned this is for... Workers as the slugs would actually work with you in terms of notice of the directory.
If you want a different category, what I was discussing earlier about a different category and niche, you can actually have a better slug with a different install or either a different base. So I actually can show you the data projects as well.
So do a directory. So the only projects the projects here are actually showing for... You know, they want to get back up from professionals. So you want to plumbing, electrical. So let's say let's look for the directory of plumbers.
So you're up there at the top, just go over the design part. You got an ERO with the search section that pulls in the entries. Search beneath you'd have category search and other things just on your home page.
So you're looking at a home page, a category page, and an entry page. That's the three different types of pages. So yeah, it's... Think about it's beautiful in the different categories so that they search for one of the things that we have to... Has to have your articles in here as well your article.
So let's say let's go for the electrical category, all the electricians, and the certain category house has been straight and let's see for this one. These are things that I'll walk you through how what's the quick search is going to be searching for what the relevant fields that you should be searching for because it's not actually screening for things you don't need.
So you want to be mindful of those as well? So that's what you actually are searching for. There's a lot of data there too that I was hearing about this at the break. There's a ton of free APIs. There's a ton of data.
So don't be scared. There are a thousand ideas of people use almost completely data if you want to. But there are certain things that we like to buy free data and data together straight data to get something more robust.
So this looks like this one from Google actually, this single review, and you can actually add it on your field as well. So with that said, yeah, let me walk you through. So let me discuss about the data side of things and there was going to discuss about, build Bill part.
Yesterday, I gave you the way today's... Today as and I are going to show you how to produce our directory. So now I'm going to much more to the how side of things. So it's a quick context I do use. I run data companies. We run mobile content and publications with over 170,000 monthly viewers, 60,000 email subscribers, and no ads, all organic and all built on systems.
So we like I told you, we have multiple directly built traffic by revenue. We've built brands together for more than a decade. So we're about your actuals, actual sequences, and actual mistakes as well as challenges that we made so you don't have to read them.
Before we start building an equal set, I want to show you later. I want to walk you through the how the system works, what each piece does, and how they connect with each other. Because later on, what's inside the build?
It's actually pretty complex. I hope we don't get confused on the way then. Rather, you understand the logic going in and spend time at the demo trying to catch up because this is something that we've had challenges as well along the way.
Like what you mentioned yesterday, the building is easy to have developers and coders. What's to have reversators to make this easier for everybody? Someone who's locally background so that's something I want to make sure that everybody has the tools. So this without even having code is like... We had a few frogs make mistakes. We got to a solution. Yes, we could teach you and you can replicate and you could build business in sales.
So yeah, definitely so many solutions. We've had different platforms and we realized this is pretty complex for someone who's just starting this. We have lots of different... We tested the different equity MCMS, but we ended up with one that we feel confident in and walking you guys through.
Okay. So one of the things I discussed yesterday is about the more thing. So everything we published is Google, so I want to go show you the field. So we have... So this is a breakdown of those... I'm going to walk you through this later, but this is an overarching view. It means there are no empty fields, no placeholder text, and no descriptions. The pipeline is built to produce the actual content.
And AI... So searching for specific answers and specific questions. Structured... This is structured the way Google, or somebody else talking about AI is structured. The way Google and search engines want to read it.
So that's why we want to prepare the screepers prior to actually implementing them on your directory. So they can... People are asking if you can zoom in any closer. Yeah, I'm going to walk you through each of these later on.
But you'd have multiple different layers. So just to break it down here, there are three things that are happening when we're scraping you want to scrape Google Places. This gives us real data on addresses, where you get hours, photos, and reviews, and then on top of this, what I would say is that you want to use multiple different sources.
So we have content that the description, you can compare that with Q&A written specifically for that listing, and then you make a structured schema, and this gives us speakable fields. This is one of the most useful we want there. It's going to be very useful for that niche so they react to Google excited by your answers.
So the pipeline basically... This is something that we really had to simplify. It's not as simple as this, but I just want to create a visual that's spacey for faces that we're going to build on, and this is where we're going to flow it. Wait a second. Do you have a full screen or...?
All right, the screen is a little tiny for most of yours. Better that's even better. Yes. Okay, there you go, it's better. Okay, all right, so before you picture four faces, this is the whole system that we're going to walk you through later.
So phase one, we want to identify. Remember yesterday, guys had to create your sheet. We're going to walk you through that. We got to create an architect for your niche. We want to process your niche research on that. We want to identify what people were actually looking for, why the... What people were actually asking.
Then we're going to generate a full field schema for your directory. If this is going to produce one output file and the output file that we can use for phase two... Phase two is then we're going to engineer what we've architected.
So based on this, we're going to provide you the block for this so you just automatically produce this for you. So you base the output of that to phase two, which is generating... We're not going to do a SLE code. We're going to do code for you.
So this bot's going to do that for you. It generates every code file for your app. There are maybe seven files later on in the product that you just based on your app field. So you have a working pipeline so you don't have to define what the app actor is coming up soon if not right.
Sorry, yeah, definitely... Through that inter... Yeah, well, so... We're using a scraping inside there's an app someone that you want to create a space scraping tool within that platform.
We're going to walk you through that set out there. Phase three for this is enrichment. So phase three, we're going to the CD CSB inside Aify. So we're going to use different APIs on this, like the Google API and the OpenAI for that searching on multiple different places for you. You're going to end up with a really enriched output after this using Aify and then from there we're going to face forward directly.
So what? Why? We were just thinking about... We were looking for a good platform tool that would be easy enough for you to drag and drop. No background coding, no styling needed. So we ended up with directors for, you know, a lot of yous from your words it's easy transition this and so you map your init, so you map your ench CCAC, but they don'tload all your requests and then you run an importer, they automatically import that for you for before you go dive.
So that's the oversimplified context on that one. Here's the. That's the directory. That we fail that I've shown you while ago. Pay talked yesterday about the botte for a director. So it's not necessa the design that we produce, which is pretty cool too.
So it's a domain a lot of guys asking yesterday about domainage it's really domain's actually to what it is great for your business. So the of the archive applook for the we're gonna CM for this. So, most people actually look at the record, you see list of businesses so they don't see the structure underneath the structure of what? Google Inix in excess.
So this is actual fields napping away. So the stema, you know just assume to consume it here and that does come into like when you're deciding it's going to be a director of person a play thing. I think all sils would be required that you're putting up acheme for this.
All right, yeah, so let's walk through the what you need what do you need for my fields what whether it's a product field or a person you'd want your name, address, coordinates. At least some people can provide layer 2. You'd want your post status category image feature flag invisible to this might be visible to the viewers, but on your back.
And it's critical to your pipeline for director is you override it to publish it in your CSC so, and then your domain specific fields. In our case, we're testing C don't. For example, we have to search for waste facility type accepted materials or is there's a protected materials. These are what we are actually searching for, what we've researched for layer.
So once you have your base layer, what you want to do is that enrich your base layer based on what your finish straight. So you don't want to speakable stream would come in you'd want a 200-400 word enl description of what that is. This is where your voice would come in, where you want to generate those for each of your description fields.
So these are three voice search paragraphs for sentence answers directly. So Google first sentence of each answers the questions directly. So remember that what we're going to be searching later on, what actually people are asking about a specific niche won't answer that. You can provide specific answers for those questions. They'd be as speakable format so that when e or your NMS would search, your website will be cited for that.
So Google obviously out loud chat sites this. You want to have three fields that are a layer within your fields as well. These are within those you want to have QA blocks as well. Quick fax block. These are some of the fields that are going to retrace the same thing.
So you have those here are four... There are five or Google places of integration you don't have fields of reading the review count review blocks. And then here's what some people are asking... Freshness is jacking. Here's what you want to be updating your beta in terms of the dates. ID I play logs and then other layers of modification side of which we can discuss. Furthermore, so that's the architect we're going to provide you so automatically do the research for this one.
So remember yesterday guys are asking your niche, you guys have enough data for it, you have location for that. For example, on our... We're looking for research for Farmer's market. There's actually existing public government data and we can actually use it. Just a jumping point for that one.
Then I get a jumping point. But then I was like, "Wait, what's the thin content? What are you going to do to make that enhanced?" So that was problem one to solve. So if you're already looking at... You have all this data publicly available, what do you do with data now that you have AI? A lot of joy is going to cover this.
Yeah, exactly. So, now you have Apper data. What's the local searching that you want to research for what people are actually searching for? Local searching, what questions are the locals asking for? Do they have agency on that one?
So this is just becoming a database on your demographic, and so once you have that... I'm going to send this to you guys. This is the... I'm going to provide you with the architect bot and the engineering bot. If you have QR, you can just check this or just re-check and dump the link on...
So I think it's... Let me... It would be actually this week... It's going to be direct you to this page I'll share that people on it... So show you for the freebies. I like this. Yeah, this is actually... I'm actually pretty impressed with myself on how I came up with this. Great.
So you know one of the properties that we were discussing for... There's actually another layer I want to add because I just yesterday gave this chat... PD bot the directory member. So let's test it out by that layer in it. I feel like it should be to make the content better for the niche.
So let's just say I have a... Let's say I have a... I have a... Biograph of what's you on this? Basically, it's basically if I want to create a... Directly all the public waste facilities across the United States.
So let's check what this study... I already got this yesterday, actually. Pretty good. I want to use this layer for the next stage, actually, so it's going to research that for me. This is very spot. Then we're going to go through the other two jumps that I'm going to provide you.
So this is it. Arctic and Engineer bot. Well, that's still nice. Even does logs for you. Even those monetization paths, which a lot of you guys are asking. Did the research on the Gemini problem intent, it's actually pretty comprehensive.
Actually, there are four things to be clicked on at the top. Hang on. This one. So basically, we're going to walk through these two bots. But yesterday I gave a GPT for your niche, a direct member GPT, which is...
I have four questions at the top. So I just wondered if there's a specific one you want to click on. Sorry, Joyce, I just needed you very seriously. Don't need... Okay, so actually it's just been comprehensive enough, so I'm just going to copy it.
It's to the Directory Intelligence architecture. So what? Remember the fields that I was talking about a while ago? This is going to automatically generate a newer set. So I'm just going to copy and paste the set here. Let's see what's going to... Let's remember the day years ago.
So you... Idea about different public social facilities section 2, why is this on Google? So you need to identify what's in it on Google, what it's for, so you're on Google. Who's your demographic? The revenue model, which I think from what... What data sources? So check this out.
So remember this... So many a lot of public data that you can actually get. So it actually researches existing live data that we didn't download. It just about your clipboard where that prompt that you just put in at the top, for example.
Yeah, I got it from Tate people, but I just copied the... But the best good graph practice is to... I like creating a Google Doc for each of these.
Okay, so I let's say this is the practice. Step zero, this is step one. So I copied it based on this information from that we got. This is not reproduction. Hey, Julius, I know this is going to slow everything down for everybody, but there are a lot of requests for the prompts that you're using and which buttons you're clicking all the time, so we're probably going to need to stop and answer some of those. I asked the same thing. I showed the time... Is organized when we started this work, the others...
Yeah, you've got a document for... Then we might want to share that document. Just don't stop. I don't know what you have, which I don't have. Rich's really good at grabbing those to explain why... I do step by step... A long way as well, so I like... It automatically creates a new document for you and then from here... Let's go. There's a button here. Two buttons of these... Copy response. Just to click that and then go to the blank document.
Then command C and command V and then this is the result of the previous one that we have. What I do is just control... I just write this... That's the OCD I have to... It has to be good fun and then again you tube that... What's nice about Google is that if you can organize it... Step zero, there's a plus button here, you got a tab there.
Then say step one, say this is... Hey, Julius and Russell. So there are a number of people in the chat, there are people who are lost. I mean, the thing is, guys, there's not making an apple pie. There's a technicality to it if... I think these guys have been going for 10-15 minutes, and I don't get it. I don't know how to do this yet. Today is... Building. You have to build the data first, you have to grab data and you have to deliver data first.
If you got to trust the process... Pay attention to... And trust the process. If you don't... This is not for you. You can message me and to your messages, and I'm happy. Refund your purchase for the workshop, and you can find something way easier to do.
I'm happy to do that if not, please be patient. You can't stop to react to every question that comes up while he's going into the process. Russell will bring all this back into scope for you when he builds out the site.
It will all come to you if you trust the process. If you don't trust the process, it's for you. I'm happy as I am to, as always, give anybody the money back and go make a face YouTube channel. Something a lot easier.
If this is above your head, I'm totally cool with it. I understand. So you guys can let me know what you want to do. Who thinks we're good? Who thinks this is working out?
Okay, so I think you need to go back about the new chat process. That was anything but we don't actually read every... I told you not to read the output on all this. We just say it made us a copy, and we raised somebody else for pasting it again.
So I know a lot of people like what content did it? Was it...? Yeah. So let's go back again and out of this part, let's go back to the chat prompts and show exactly that we're copying and pasting from the process.
Russ is coming in to complicate... Russ is paying. Tris is with the USS dogs he's to get this. Julius is very technical and very systematic and very meticulous. You need to appreciate that because if you're doing the data gathering and the data enhancement, it's incredibly important.
If you have data, you're going to the directory, right? So it's important that you get this. I think that between Li and Russell, if you give them the time and an open mind, you'll get all this, and you'll get it to you the right way. There's ways to do it if you do as you get as a result that this is the right way to do it. I'm
not getting feelings from it or anything. It's just not for... Let other people get after it. It's going to work in time, attention, and maybe something else. So I don't mean it in any way, I mean it in a nice way. I don't want anybody to spend money that's not going to focus on getting a return from it. I say that I think Joe's has made this a copy and paste process.
I'll go back to questions. I want to keep on track. So Joyce, on this, we just started with Chang, right? What was it? What was the magic in Anthropic? It was going to be a little different than anyone else's. It wasn't... It's basically... Remember that the sheet that you even if I put anything... Maybe there that's why he swore on the top of that.
Please, if we... So this right here is where we lost. I think of people who were saying, "What do you do?" This is going to be the same for everybody. I want you to break it down and give them an example of this in the God that makes sense. I don't forget the... This is one but... Arts one but I think this is where we lost lots.
I think this is about the TED layer. We're going to be working on these two bots right here, which is an Arctic bot and an AGER bot. So I'm just adding this to it like further enhance the data that you have. Let me start with that. Even if it's for demo purposes, I'm just going to copy that and you'll paste that right into the chat. An example. What you're... Yeah, just prove a quick point. I'm just going to say, let's just say it's this is a backdrop that you could do better.
It's just like... Let's just say it's just a nationwide database for public waste disposal facilities. You don't need to prompt a really bad restaurant for this. It's the three prompts going to do it for you. The train is going to do it for you. This would be a bad product.
But for protesting CDS, nationwide public waste disposal cities, you might want to add the wordsheet yesterday. The wordsheet you were provided yesterday. That's what you're going to put in here? I'm just going to need to set up. Let's just say maybe I already have a name for it and that's it, right?
It's automatically going to do it for you. All right, so that's how you're going with this spot? Yeah, you read about a couple of sentences of this and scroll down and see. I get it comprehensively. Got to find it, right?
So there's no way we're going to sit here and read all that right now. It says you know it's promisingly concept I'mforming this spot I can even revise it if you feel like it's this spot it's more treated like a brain story. Boot this layer so it's doing the research for me. It identified the purpose of it so it would probably know better than I Anthropic would identify with research internet.
So I say it's created and if you want advice, if you don't agree with or some portion of it, maybe I think it's as good as anything. We ever get it right. It's just our brainstorms. You just copied it and I button here copy response. Now we move forward to this next ST, which is the directory intelligence ST. Director intelligence. We got the Gemini gem that we're going to use. Click on that.
But going back here. Let's say this is a pretty good response. We're going to copy it. We've played on a dock. So what he's doing here is he's going to make a Google doc. Just go back, just in case he has to refine one of the steps that he's doing in the copy.
We didn't read everything, so maybe there's something in there that was like hallucination. So it's a good way for you if you like the whole... In one section of it maybe the part or fun tune and phrase it.
So a doc where you can fine-tune that how you like organize yourself and how the funds need to be definitely. But this is it at least it's showing a path of where we've done, what we've coped with faces just in case we can get back up between this and come back to you later.
You don't have to go search through your chat. It's nice. So we saw that copy and... Are we going to be and let's lose that one start and you lose that one you start a copy and pass that low prompts just going like "We copied, we pasted it. We read two sentences and we're going to run through the same flow from the document."
So now that's going to remember I want to go... We want to create layers these layers for your fields. What this spot's going to produce for you is going to be... It's going to be... For you each fields that you're going to require for your niche. We're going back here. Let's check if it is labeled to do anything. Is it just as it is a general purpose? It's trained to be agnostic on the specific product people places.
But let us know if you've experienced the button on the way and we'll try to function it in a beta version. Okay? So LARONE's going to provide you what that is why they always explaining why that... All the sections that we might be for each of the only things that you need to be speaking for it a model in section four, which was pretty cool. It researched for who's a potential demographic for that to be searching for revenue model if you can claimer listing you can actually have the local private facility operators for that the generation affiliate placements, the sources.
So a while ago, I think the data that we have actually, that was super helpful, right? It pulled up a thing that Ty's going data out there from 2024 that would help us knock...
Jumping point. One of the challenges Russ and I had when we were building directories was the availability of data. Even if you scraped data, it's still having a hard time getting accurate data.
This is government data. You might... You're pretty sure that it's pretty accurate. It's probably the data for public usages of you, download instructions on this extended data. Let's check if it's even doubleable. There's CSO you can actually just search for that.
If it's said, there you go and the database is... There you go. See... Yeah, that was right in the middle page. I got it. Then the data partners. So we were able to download three different...
I mean, it's like the same. Like CSB and XL SX, you convert them between each other but a lot of times, our final output will be ideally as... But if you have to download, I give you something like that, go and download an LX and you can bring that into Google Docs and you'll have a Microsoft reset. Everybody's familiar with those.
So those are portable databases on their own, you have all these cells with entries. So that I mean, it's just a great jumping off point. What else was in there that was important backup sources?
So if that's what else you provide you backup data source, you can actually have Blottery your ele clean up for you. So it's going to give you instructions on how to download it. Let's say it has a backup.
So he already gave us a rough estimate of how big this directory was going to be. I think it was 20,000 or 2600? Estimated the local facilities drop off points. Then down there the MP would be listening counting of 2600 listings live and indexed.
So that would be really our goal. End point would be a directory if we're doing dumps, it's to be thousands, hundreds if we're going to get that right. It should be a process with your process. Okay, so it's going to provide you with a field scheme on what you should be screaming for. You pay attention to this, you'll slow down this part, I think... Because this is super important.
So these are things you might not have thought about and why you use Google Places because you got all that data from Google. Places has this... They can reference the status, the type, the name, what is the address, the city, all that. These important fields are going to be crucial to a city dump.
If you've got a latitude and longitude line, why would you...? Guys, you can have Google Places in there to provide you with applications, phone numbers, websites... Definitely it's thinking things that you might not have had in mind.
So yeah, and then what layer too is even drilling down more, right? So then... I mean the categories, what categories are going to be? Is it going to be a... Was it done for private or public or by state? It almost makes sense to me. You can find out all the ones in your state by a category date when they're open and then... Yeah, can player three.
But it's going to be a bit... Yeah, it's going to be bit overkill for some along the way during your... It just fine-tunes, but it always provides us much data that you can select preselect from... I st it right there. We're about mapping that content, mapping that data, right?
So we're finding the entries that we need to map with what we're going to bring in, so that's helping us tell it. So next enrichment layer. So now we'll have your unequals. Now, how can we enrich those DA?
It's going to be providing you with a stable fields. This is what people are actually asking for. What can I drop off? We're going to get a list so it's going to be providing actual what people are actually asking for even ask like you're saying with what you ask Alex or what do you ask? He is like, "Hey, did I drop off when time is it closed?" Exactly. A quick catch block by SEO top three four primary categories QA blocks FAQ section. I want to actually show you the accordion dropdown.
So that's what we use it for. The Q&A soonomy. Like what Russell mentioned, in some cases we just stimulate this, but it's a good battery drop off. Scrap metal batteries like I don't know, not my watch, but there are just different things that'll jump out to you that hopefully it can scrape.
There's data out there. So it doesn't... It starts with the just essential and it comes up with something that really makes sense if there are some universal answers to these, right? So it's a bit... I think that... So if it's still thin, it's going to actually create pipeline warnings for you.
So for notes and then let's say we'll copy this and dump it on our Facebook. Working on Google Docs data. Let's go back here. So this one... Okay, let's copy the response. It's a pretty long time you have to wait for it to... That's what it is. Copy as well. Go... Yeah, you might wait but yeah, to get that in the platform wonderful.
All right. So it's not... It's not beautiful looking. That's... We just want to keep it as part of the restro as we go along the trail. Let's see. So any instructions on what to do next? Your step is ready. This file is sent to two once received. Download.
So let's save this file and send it to you. There you go. So I like this new feature from Jimmy and I used to be like I like to collaborate again. So just again we need to. But you have to estimate that basically we just copy and paste this brief. This is a schema that we're just going to copy and paste for DocuSign, but first, safe process, I just dump it there.
Right? So back to the engineering bot. So this is the actual builder of the sweeper. So what you do from here is just paste what we copied from... A while ago. I dumped the main one where I go right so everybody's on with it. We'd copy it and we're here just copying what we... I generate basically everything I just don't... On bot number two.
So what this does is actually generate app code for you and I just... To you on this because I don't know what... Did it have it enough? He's just coffee tas it'll... The... Like just follow me just keep going. We're going down the rabbit, all right, but what... Basically the gos... We don't want you guys to go down manually pull this, actually, so...
Okay. So this work that gets complicated. So I had to int it next year. Okay. Here's basically what you might need to identify. Ignore the complexity of it, but essentially you just need to create these files. These JSON files are JAVASPE.
Do you want to stop there for a minute and understand what an actor is? What API is it? Or is that later on? Because I feel like you did show this to me, and my first question was, "Well, why do I do this? What's an accurate? What's AI?"
Just follow me. But I don't know if it's something you want to just dip those into right now. You don't need to understand this, but we're going to do this. We're going to cut and paste here, but for you so we have an understanding of what each of these files are so packaged that Jason this... One, it basically runs first its runs everything. This runs everything here in order after that takes... Remember when we're talking about the scraper, this is after ID card. Basically, it's a name version with Adoration amplification.
So input schema... Basically, it says it builds the form you fill out before hitting run. That's the input form. So every field you see, a batch size, CS path, it lives here. But you don't need to manually do that, you just get a copy and it's based on the field.
So we have a way to go enrich that. JS This is the extensive one that makes... That's what makes actual API calls to Google plays. Remember in enrich fields that we made a while ago. We want to enrich it to have Google scrape all of those data.
So that's where it is the open AI integration, that's where it's the descriptions as a... That's enriched file. Validate dogs is the buffer essentially it checks each listings after enriched so if it's not thick enough, it doesn't get published.
It's the... And I fin gate that we created so it's fires Slack for everything fires has to be like a gate for everything that is great. So form the JS it... This is essentially a translator. Its all the messy raw column and it's gonna sort them into clean schema director.
By the way, this is designed for directors. So reverse engineer the directors expect in terms of the data for workers, which is... But actually, Russ, you use this on your platform as well, right? So you could use the same.
Yeah, just basically I need the CSC to get and go does the rest right? I think that's what's important here is this stuff used to take these outle like weeks just to get developers to do it. Enjoys this. Previous screen on the bot. It already has made these files for you, right?
Like each one. So I believe... Yeah, we took a look at it would make more sense. It's like, "Well, now it's on you to copy this or say this or name this, right?" Yeah, so lastly, "Name that basically is your coordinator."
So basically, it just coordinates the files here, it reads the CCAC, and then it runs all of these SAL files. So essentially, those are your files in here. So going back here, notice how it already provided you with the schemas. Let me share.
Yeah, that's going to be an important part. Remember last time those keys we'll be using. So stay with us. This is going to be... This is the reason I wanted to create the logic behind... While ago, it gets complex along the way.
So yeah, when we got to that, was it Gemini? Google.com with the AI actor bot that he created for you? It's pretty much just going to have everything ready. Now what you'll need to do is allow this to work with the AI, so they'll show you how this goes into it.
It's pretty awesome too. It made the... Was it the file directory mapping for you? So right down the bottom of the file structure. So you have to look at the slides and where to put stuff. It actually has it out for you.
Before we start, let me just walk you through this. That for this, if you make that much bigger joy, it is tiny. Or is it the one out of... As a win, right? You can read that. No, I am having bad eyes, but it's very tiny.
All right, thank you, Joyce, for adjusting this all for us. You were close, right? So we had about 50-50 on that the second of the meaning of what you're doing to these people want clarification button number two. You called it number one, and number two, I just want to make sure.
So the Directory Intelligence Architect that is but number one. Okay, and the app five-year builder is that number two? Yes. Okay, great, they're both in the doc. I will drop that over time, which will drop the link to the asset, the directory pack asset.
Yeah, so there's no instruction yet to do copy and paste to output. We're just going to follow you in a minute because he's going to save those outputs, I believe, on your local computer. Is that correct?
Yeah, right. So far, I don't think we've asked you too much further on. It'll just take a minute longer, Joyce, to get your screen right for everybody to see. If we take a quick question... Hopefully, it's not like it's my director... Because we're right smack in the middle of procuring... We've got to get all this data right. Data key.
All right, I guess you're screen a little better now. aconsoletconsole.com, right? So let me walk you through what this dashword is. Essentially, you just want to focus on this tab here, actors, and main. Actually, that's about it, and your setting page.
I'm going to walk you guys through it in a bit, okay? From your actors as store... This is what Bay was saying, by the way. There's a lot of existing public... But that's well, with you, Zoho gives a lot of public information. Public papers. One of my favorite ones to interject. One of my favorites was like a LinkedIn scrap that I think it was 400 entries, maybe two dollars or something. You could have...
It's a marketplace too. You could get a link scraper that went through and scraped right there their profiles. So if somebody is good at building these actors, they can sell these on here, and then people can use them to run various projects.
So, something's already out there. You might have to... You might get to skip out of the SAC part to get your data, but here you can run this, and it goes through a whole bunch of profiles. That was $4 for a thousand.
So hopefully, this is just opening eyes right now. Like wait, there are alreadys that scrap and it's built for me. I'll have to do the money and I can come back with a whole bunch of results. What do you think about that? Guys like let me. Comments if you've ever used this before, you't receive profilemalifications, it's gonna this through here.
So a lot of curiously a lot of people are using it. 35000 people use this. Users, so we get reviews. People are saving it. So that's how you know, it's a pretty good sweeper, useful for that. Like if you're going to populate and update all your CRM for your company, maybe people have, you know, your contacts or B2B have moved jobs. You could do something like that to update all of their records to whatever job they're at.
I know HubSpot has something built into there. I mean, this is a pricey tool. So being able to build that for somebody like yourself is very valuable. By the way, for those just started to create their own, if I count, there's a free five dollar one.
Like, you get like a straight one. So give you like a free five dollar credit, which is most of the time good enough for want to get thousands of information data that you want to scrap for small directivity.
So it's usually it's more than enough. So you just throw a little bit of money in there and you can get started building your actors from what you have. I guess is the place you're like stores where you can chop around the marketplace runs, right?
And then the actors on the left hand sides where as well people pay their as maths actually because of what remember want to go all niches are different. So you might want to have cost one depending on the actual data that you have. Remember, why do we have to identify if it's speakable under certain you want to be thin.
So. But using the public action might be a good jumping point. And you can it another way. And from what I look at, I know there are a couple of comments that say, "What are actors?" I feel like they just changed the word bot or agents.
I mean, I guess these are going to be something that you pick up and they run and do for their jobs. So I'm not sure why they went for actor, but that could be just for finding themselves a little bit independent of others. The scraping agent for you.
So let's... So the people who created those three research first produce a new after for our product. So we go to the "Afterward" tab, click "Develop new," and go to "Browse templates." We're always going to have to start with an empty JavaScript project.
Okay, so empty JavaScript. So went to browse and went from templates. Then you basically descended an empty one, and I showed as we created. So I'm going to run through one more again. So Google to develop you develop me on the corner. Here's browse all templates.
It's like a cold template, which is there's a lot of different templates before you guys. You can use that search and just get a search here. Empty JavaScript. Okay, I got that because that's a very important part there.
So when you use existing templates, use a template for PayPal or the note. So far, no money has been... You're building these. You're not charging like you run it until you run. You're going to charge every time you run your scraper, basically.
All right, so... Let me just reshare something. It's better if you can see it side by side from the box. Yeah. You're pulling back and forth the output of Jim. I know too to your app... That we made... Yeah, more copying and pasting, right? Essentially, you guys are coding this thing, but it's a lot of copy of the base thing. Let me share this right, here we go.
So this is the result of... There's no problem. We just don't... What we had in the research we had and automatically trade at the specs for us that we have to produce right here for our appor. So it's going to say afternoon.
So there's CCA tel... I'm going to download this code. It's going to download as a file. Let's say just look to see you here with any fold after our assets. So it says we have to give this a final name of CIR D the underscore c' CSB. We go to that one. Just rename it that one re the text your Botox files autom maybe a sheet.
So let me walk you through this on your computer. You made a folder on your Desktop or something called Actor Assets and you're individually downloading from your Google. Yeah, right there on your chat to all those files, right?
So we gave us these files to download, which later I'm going to bump on. The renaming is what you've got to do too. So when you download that onto your local folder, it's not necessarily that you need to use it for your actor, right?
So you're actually manually doing a renaming of it. Is that right? So what this does is that it prepopulates what you need. I'm not sure if you see it. It populates actual fields that we were needing.
And I just follow that. Right? So you the name you're supposed to rename it is that provided at the top of the document. You right here. So it's here. Alb one b CS templates file CD don't C dot CS V we that one next file, we download this one.
Okay? And so you downloaded it, you're going to save it to that folder on your local machine, and you're going to copy it. City dump underscore, enriched dots and text. So then you... You see, when he downloaded it to his local folder, it had a bad extension. It was like dot xt.
So what he's doing is replacing that name specifically each time. Don't do it at once, right? You're doing it asset by asset so you don't get confused. So what this is saying is if files your input email, then files are output. It goes into the directories, so you have to mail for directly.
So the instruction is this like a cool, if you're ready to map the fields we go to phase two of this process. So it's saying that we have to create this. Remember the folding structure where we go now we have to create the foldings, so I don't...
So Lucky has it right there in front of us on the second spot, right? So this is the most tedious part of the process, guys. By the way, I would... I guess... When you're pulling data I'm going to give you guys a tool in a minute. So you're going to have unlimited sources of data.
But as you get that data in, you've got to normalize the data or structuring the data. You don't structure the data map right. I mean fundamentally we're doing in this single complicated right now about a problem it's not... Yeah it's not you but by describing any kind of data out there you don't data right anybody that's really the quality somebody we earlier the chat shit and shit out.
It's absolutely true if you've got if you're data as you have as structured messy. The thing is this is crazy. Is like your card you say, "Measure twice, cut once." Here you're measuring like fort times.
But once you get this done and as it's special, the right's supposed to be on the database supposed to be, whether it's a C file or whatever. They're supposed to do it once that data is clean. And then Russell will show you how to build the front end this afternoon.
All you got to do is just marry the two. And all of a sudden magic just happens like that. It's really crazy. It seems so complicated. I promise it's not it's really not as complicated as it seems right now.
These guys are awesome at it, so just bear with them for a minute. I think when you see it all come together and you go... All of a sudden you guys get a site, they're taking a hundred people a year to build and you don't matter a few minutes
but you really see the difference. You guys are at least trying to get away another step. There you're talking. I'm going to... So on the right hand side of your API, you click on something to get you to a different screen you made older, you name something. Stop, we're going to...
Okay, I figured I need to pause on that, but by anybody... He mentioned that we're doing the work right now, but later on this is going to run for you autonomously. A wireless thing to make everything for you.
Yeah, we're putting work in hope everything on this along the way after you've created this. Okay. I think it's a folding structure that it may be for us, right? So do you guys want to break three? Do you want to keep rolling for us?
I think we probably keep rolling because he's about to finish the bore the AC creation once they're going to breathe because this is going to... Yeah, that's it. I'll give them a tool I've got read for them in that break when you guys have a break?
All right, so we're back on the amplify part. You've had at least four or two to four files downloaded. I can't remember from that name and so I just recap on... I haven't named anything yet on this identity. Just downloaded files. We need to copy this structure back here.
So how's your course? I need to have this is under the basically uncode. You just scroll down on that. You actually made you scroll. Okay, yeah, this is the landing page that you're going to get any of it.
So I just roll down here so I'll go back and go back just do for so going back to the actor after so when created and you want to automatically... That's my accurate remember this... Let's call this...
Okay, all right, so he clicked up the topic. He's to rename it for organization for purposes and vanity naming. You can name it anything for this. I can name anything, any filing you want, but the word "drive" it says the word "drive" just right. Is that cool?
Yeah, right. This is usually when you publish it if you wanted to be on a store or you want it to be used by other people. So for now it's good for private. I'm going to click on the root folder and it's going to zoom into that right now.
I know Zoho, I'm just a whole thing and it says that on the source. Here's the source you have to have folder helper holder, right? So I'm just going to refresh the source folder's folder helpers. See that and so what?
That is it showing the hierarchy of folders. So you can see what goes and what makes sense to people with as directors and subfolders. You know the SRC and in that it's going to helper folder and then under the helper folder, it'll have two other files, right?
So I'm going to helpers and then click file. I'm just going to copy this another. I'll just update it the rest of the fast learning it here. Create another file which is as is are the ones I watch you guys is about you're just naming you're not... File I don't need another 500 sources so which is transform batch yes so that would be under the source file here just here you have a main check that beneath another actor not actor I think it's this one.
So we have this already this older that if it's an existing check we need to have the input stream at the JSON. So notice here, I notice that these two are already existing, so I don't need to produce anymore for this one, I noticed that it's not yet here.
So we're just going to create another file, are you? Just right-click it and you click "I'm just copying it" this file link that one so this here we're good with here we're... Jason's there, right? Everything's here, right?
So we're copying this. Remember, we're not going to code. We're going to copy the code here. This goes on this side of the package that you said. So let's just take that here. Command A or control A. It's going to command A to delete command B. Say that.
Okay, so you did to just remove what was there. If you don't need it, you just need all of these. What it provides... So for the next one after that, Jason, copy code like press on that icon after Jason. Was it for that?
It's... This one's just going to do that and then replace it with this new one. Save it next crawl down input stream on it Jason to copy that input stream on it Jason. It's empty because you just remember we just recently created it so we save it.
That's it. Great folders, it's created that folder. BA files are ready to be done. I think we're pretty much done. I just don't need to do games. I'm getting a couple of questions in the chat and I think you know the answer to it. Basically, we're going to show this manual process. You need to understand how the manual process works. A lot of data to be cleaned up and formalized using tools. For those of you who know how to use TBT well, know how to use flow well or not how to use GL. It's quite easy to do this using tools to do this mass cleanup of the data. What Julius is trying to show you now is how the manual process works.
If you don't, you need to know how the manual process works. This is pain in the... But you need to understand how the manual process works so that when it's done by the agent for you, you're done by them for you. You're going to know it's good, better, or different. You're going to look at it until it's right.
So this process, while tedious and slow, is important to understand. It's kind of... I'm trying to explain how I don't know how to write software. I don't know about code, right? But I need to learn enough about code to see if the code looked right, if it was performing right, or not.
So the manual process of watching this stuff run is really important. We want to make sure that... Because not everybody here is an AI user, right? So we have... We hit the middle of the market with 500 and change people in here. Some people are very savvy. People aren't...
So for those who are savvy, you can take these instructions to dump in. Basically, you don't have to necessarily know how it works. It's really great if you're going to be in the business you've got to understand how the business works. Thanks. Very next to save... Press.
You know the vendor. This one, let's say, basically just saving it. Build started, build failed. Okay, so because we need to create 8... Alright, we need to create a folder just like this. Okay, this CD SE... So let's go to Settings... Rather.
So, it's basically like "Let's create your data's check it what..." Put it in. Wait, I... So basically, as can scrape all they want, but you sometimes want the scraped data on specific files, so you create a storage for it.
So where do you find just on this left navigation to create storage? Let's go under this, the main navigation here, go to key-value stores. So basically, what this is, you're creating, you're selling, you're done. Your app... Hey, save the file on this specific sheet because I... You know this is where you want to be, so creating new... So remember key-value store, you've already provided it for us. You copy that. Kensing... Let's call it City Dump Data. City Dump Data and then save it... Story... Read it... Remember the files... See the way to go. We dump it here.
So our local files on our computer, we're going to select those at least two CSPS and we're going to upload the storage, is that correct? Yes, right, okay, and then just going to ask... So the reason for that is that the screener needs to know what fields you want to propagate basically.
So it's going to get data from the seeds, which is receiving back... And then this is the output and reach file. So later on, most of the files would be different that we can download it there. So now that we have that to go back to do that, we have a way to go, but pick up... So that's it now. Check.
Okay, right, I see the C input TV key input... So you just clicked a build actor? Was that something that we skipped? We need to consolidate all those files and input to a build of the actor to use. Sales is essentially saving it runs is the one where it's going to start scraping.
Yeah, it's... It's essentially just building out. So you have to have that storage in place before you click the build. I think it would be helpful for the steps. You might have a little doc that like... A run through of the sequential order that's easily made from the... Let me... This... Now this typically happened a few times when we were doing this. The previous examples in demos where it would build and fail.
I believe you had your handy day like ChatGPT or Claude or something like... Say, "Hey, you figure out why I'm running." It's a time to show that just... They might experience it along the way. Yeah, so just provide the log here. Copy log. There it is, and then here's a mind. You're just putting this in two.
This is what most... What you're supposed to do is just say "Diagnosis," you probably forgot a one in your as in the file here. It's just going to tell us what we did wrong, basically. So
you just got to go look back at your source files, I guess, and see your about the code. The code allegories I rolled file. Hey, guys, let's take a minute break, if you don't mind. I mean I want to a tool you guys those guys break and I give you guys a break. I'm sure you'll be real quick and show how it works, and then we'll come right back to these guys.
Okay? All right, let me pull up here, start your video. Okay, how my video was starting can you see me? Yeah, let me give you guys something that I've been working on for a while. Let me see where did they go over here. There we are. Hold on one second guys, sorry, there we go. So I hope that's what I'm thinking it is. Yeah, are you guys with me? There you go that's great. Harry Gong looks more like Wilfer Brinley every day. It's just crazy what's up, Harry?
So this is a really awesome tool. I've already ran this, so you don't have to, but I'm giving you guys a tool. Let me grab the copy the link. This is probably one of the most valuable tools in a set. Let me drop this in the chat and you can re-share this later.
So what this does, you can go in here and tell it anything you want to tell it. Like, "I'm starting a directory of city dumps and city landfills, and I need all the information that I can find on a federal, state and local level for each of these." My objective is to sell leads to junk holing businesses.
But I need this to rank really highly as the most authority site in the world on city dumps and city landfills. It's going to click there and it's going to go and start thinking. It takes it about 5 minutes or so to think, but here's what you come back with. Don't you see this?
So it gives you a snapshot of all the data sources. We've got three levels. We've got free data, cheap data, and premium data. Here are the fields you're going to want to scrape. It's going to tell you exactly what you want, and it's going to show you...
This is true in a lot of cases. The EPA keeps a list of every landfill in America with all the data on it, the operators, the maps, the locations, and all the information the ERO data downloads. Here, there's a bunch of EPA data, and you've got state-level California, Texas, Florida, and New York masked in all different states here.
You can say it won't show you every state by default, but if you tell it to go find the state by fault, well, and it's given you a red-green light, it's telling you how good the data is probably going to be. How it's going to be to sort.
So green data and red data are going to be really easy to clean up, right? Then you've got free sources here and there's time's amount and you cheap sources you can use to... I don't know if you're about scraper not.
But you can scraper Google apps for you. It's really expensive. So it's about $3 per 1000 records. If you've got 10,000 dots, it's going to cost you $30 to get all 10,000 of them. I use outscrip for a lot. API, which we were just talking about a few minutes ago.
There are things like data, there's a free trial. These are a little higher, a little more expensive. This requires a contract. You probably want to stay away from that. So it's warning you off that data, and as you go through, you've got premium services down here if you really want to ball up and pay the big money and get the best data. The secret... All this...
It recommends a stack for you, a cheap stack, a premium stack, and gaps to watch out for. So it's really good. What we try to do in most cases is use mostly free data and a little bit of cheap data, and you'll have a very robust piece.
If you go free data alone, you might get hit with a thin. You might get hit with a Google penalty that you're not telling people anything they can't find automatically on their own. So I think this is going to be a real useful tool for you on the break.
If you guys want to go around with this and see what kind of data is available in your... I didn't... This is a fancy prompt you can say, "How do you want it?" I'll give you this prompt because I know you guys want it.
There we go, second one to everybody. Yeah, there you go. You guys are going to be able to rewatch all this and go slowly through it. If you run into snacks, I'm sure you guys are going to be there to help you. Snacks. We're going to... Anybody...
If we... To make sure you guys are served up on technical, we're going to do it. We go tonight. I don't know how the guy's restrictions tonight. We make a long tonight just to make sure that everybody is served. I knew this was going to be probably the more challenging piece of this workshop because it does require a good deal of finding and work to get this thing up, but gosh, the magic and a sense of accomplishments that you feel when you hit the magic button, it all comes together is just an awesome feeling.
It's a really awesome feeling. You built something that's going to last for years a guy for you, so it's these... I'm trying... It's going to ever-green and can continue to use it, come back to it, and it's very cheap and probably the best source of getting that data. Let me show you something real quick about this tool that I just gave you.
I've got this on the thinking model. If I took it to extended or pro or heavy, it would give me even more. If you do a light model, it's going to give you a pretty light pass. So I like to use Standard or ex-Standard, they're really good here.
But Standard does a pretty good job. You can see this is a pretty robust list. If I wanted to say, "I need all the states in the South." You didn't give me anything in the Southeast. Give me all the Southeast states and you give me the bigger states first.
That's going to think it's going to be all the states. I can't even go down to say, "Give me cities if I want to go that deep." But this thing is really good at ferreting out all this information. So there I'm seventy-eight now.
It's working at Alabama. Yeah, there's Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, and here's all the different data sources. So I don't have to worry a little bit about acquiring data, cost of data. So much of the data is free.
It's just the thing is, the data is free, but it's unusable. And if you want... There are some cases where you can just go pick three or four data sources like... Okay, give me the RSS feeds to all the websites post entertainment in Austin, Texas, or lives in Austin, Texas, and you're going to have as great data you can build off of... Go out and read the news and read the newspapers and Google alerts and bring that data into you and structure it so it's
not that complicated. We can pick a complicated topic to show you and Julius... One of the beauties of Julius is he's incredibly meticulous and to the point that it makes you crazy sometimes. It makes me crazy sometimes, but when he's done with something, it's extremely well done. You can see from looking at the directory at homesteading.com of the farmer's markets.
It's extraordinarily well done. But if you don't play well and you don't get it in right, you're going to get that crap. So this is a helpful thing. You guys need a break to go technical anything. Russell and Julius. I'm good either way.
Yeah, that I think you were saying you got the actor ready to see it run because that's. I think you can go let it run while you go to take angle. Seriously, I'll turn to you guys. But I just wanted to know that. Thank you. I love that resource. There should be more places. I cantre mycreen like there's another one I use, it's called rapidab.com and I just click in the movies. I don't know, you see screen there, but like when I got it, you can pull like row Tomatoes's directory you can pull on MDB directory.
And these are like individual APIs. But when you get into this, like you can, you know, just start basically screaming your data getting all that information isn't. Some of these things cost an individual.
I know a lot of people about that government. Well, see, I want to see all the government. Was it jobs that you could get and bid for when on contracts. So there's a lot of things. I'll posts this link here because it's something I go back to over and over because it's just got everything that you can think of, especially with all NS you're in and for you guys are in a goo GitHub. Public APIs. This is a really crazy list. I'm gonna drop this in the chat too. This is list one of the most comprehensive list of public APIs in the world is on this skiub and it's totally free for you. Jay. You's canning.
And take az and drink water. That runs because I wasing I was expecting to run. He showed to me and I was like we got to wait for it to screte data and there is like there's a on it. So definitely explain a little bit how you could run and what.
I mean, I'm going to go back a bit on the storage one. I forgot to explain why to go, in storage you need to get the ID for this one. So it's the error. I was saying you need to identify where the API is from the app.
So we need to get the ID. So you grabbed under storage or went to the follow-up data flow a while ago, went to this one, and then I clicked on this. Added the pencil button beside the name, the ID to up here. So I just got that ID from there.
But essentially, this is the same ID that you have to file the ID here. You can copy that. Then I go back to that course that we have a way to go, which is this one input. So why we were working on the code tab, remember?
So if I go to the inputs here, the key story, I have to put it here, and then you have to... Yeah, everybody has an API key. If you don't have one, you can get it from the topic or Russ. You want to walk through this section here?
Okay, so you just did... You wanted to input, and then you put a key, and so for it to require screening mechanisms, we do have to require... We have to provide an AI API key and OpenAI something. Okay, is that right? I'm sorry.
You can use OpenAI. I'm going about this link here just because you're not used to grabbing. All right, so the link right here is going to take you to your OpenAI, and that way you can create a... What was an API key? I'm Anthropic. You look just at the process. I'm linking this thing. Somebody steals it. I'm Anthropic here. I went to that link I used in it's platform. Was it? openai.com/api? Make sure you sign in. Use this though you need to make sure that you put at least ten dollars in your wallet there in the billing part.
So now we can go over because it does require a little bit of usage. So now we can go create a new key. And obviously, this is a live city dump. I'll just put this out right there under my project, and I'll create the secret key, and I'll copy, and I'll pass this on over to Julius. He'll have that right there. Let me know when you have that in place.
Save. Then I'll take a screenshot. So we don't reveal anything and charge a whole bunch of money. All right? So just let me know if you'll go and paste that in, and I'll just Slack it over to you for reference. I got it.
All right, so everyone understands that... Let me see the chat. If you've grabbed your own API key before, each one's a little different. OpenAI is one of the easiest ones to grab, and it's important too, because you can label them.
But what you're going to use, and you can find out if they've been used or not. I'm going to go ahead and click done. Never done it. Pretty easy. That's the easy part. Right, copy that, paste it on, and then I just want to... That's something you want to share because I can run a build so it has rewrite access.
All right, I'm going to click done for that. Julius, I'm going to stop sharing, and I think you should be at a point where you're saving that key into that field, and then we click right to run because we... I think three minutes... It's not right for the purpose of... I didn't share it. I've been... I put in that code to back it.
I think this is the code that Russell provided. I want to say like a Google quality... So let's run this one. Save a start so just the... But SAS start it's going to be running. We briefly went over all the fields that was going to be pulling stuff, but this part is this part of the enhanced data?
It's going out, and it is using ChatGPT. You write the rest of the story. Yes. So yeah, let's see. Check for the actors. It's all those individual fields. I think there might have been 20 different fields, maybe even more that it's populating all the content that we needed and questions on guardrails. It really does pertain to how you define the initial prompt and what you're doing. I believe we are guardrails we had in place where America National C dumps. We didn't try to go outside of that because that could really blow up our entries, right?
Maybe it's like, "All right, it looks like it's sued." So I dumped the copy here to the log file here in our bot to you so you can explain why it is. To you. It looks like your RE really is completely resolved.
So it's just going to run on... Let's see. So notice how here the bot has an instruction ready to go. The instructions. The goal of these bodies is to walk you through the step-by-step process. I what you guys have been asking to get a step-by-step...
I'll provide you guys a separate sheet or the bot sheet walk through for this one essentially walk in be your guide along the way. All right? Can I get running? I'm going to go off and run. Yeah, it's actually running.
Yeah, once it takes off... One of the things that's really interesting in APFI there are certain APFI actors that are per record. There are certain that are ones that are like I've got one Stripe youtu. Chans and scrapes all youtubenels. I one for $50 a month.
That's all you need. It depends on what you want to watch out for the factors and what they charge because you can get overcharged. You're careful always the price on that factors is really important. But don't worry about having... Here's the thing.
Like Citd, right? That's a very low competition term. Nobody's really trying to compete. Nobody cares, right? It's a perfect thing for me. It's low-competition term with high value but if I only pull 500 dumps into that... Only 500 when I know there are thousands.
If I only pull 500 of them in there, I'm going to be the most authoritative in the world on city dumps in 9 days. I can add more or I can actually open it up for the dumps cells to register. People can send in suggestions we can scrape out of Google Tools, Google Maps for opinion, a record, or something like that.
It's not very hard to do, guys. This is all going to come... This was really hard for me. I was trying to figure out how this is going to work. I had somebody that years ago did a dad@homes.com and sold it to as.com, but he built all this stuff. Mainly, he had a team of about 70 people that did it, and it was super complicated
but he made millions and millions of dollars. The point is, you can do all this stuff now with agents. While this might seem a little complicated, it's nothing compared to what it used to be. I think that Rustle's really great. Gelis a tech found. Rusts. Tech. Shortcuts is Rust's tech shortcut of this process.
But you need to really learn the basics. I was going to show you... Gave us some easy beginner like CFC. I was going to show you this is what we can... We'reining an app like this is what we downloaded from the EB website. It has all of them there, but this is SL content, right? We need some work about it.
So I'm just going to leave you with this. We could use this, but that's not going to be the best foot forward, right? Shit content you know... Whatever. So our content... I mean... So let me stop sharing and we went off but all right, I think I have the time ready. It's cool to start with this. Angie's got 20 minutes.
I'll show something during the 20 minutes for one... Once, for a few minutes. Anyway, about the 20 minutes, I'll show them something I want you guys to see just real quickly. Did I lose them? Anybody? We're still here, but Russell had to run to the tournament.
Okay, I understand. Right, let me see if I can get to where you can see my slides. I just want to show you how quite simple this is. So did everybody get this link, this GitHub link? There you go. Look at this. Nobody... I think a lot of people scan down this... I'm building now over and over... I'm building guys a searchable directory of these but I want you to see these are the indexes of types of APIs right?
When you start going down here, this is just animals. Daily cat facts pictures of cats from Tumblr. Random dog facts for dogs for every... Response in your status... Place holder bear pictures... Place holder dog pictures... These are all these placeholder kitten pictures... These are all these APIs that are public to you. This is just animals, anime. This is drawings, cartoons. Anti-malware APIs that keep up with all the phishing and the malware so you don't have a directory of malware. People can find out what kind of bug is on their site. Art. You. Color. Schema generators. That would be a great thing to drop in. Anything that you have to do with art museum gallery content, these are...
I've been on this before. It just shows you tons of high-resolution photos of classic art museum parks every image they have for free on API authorization authentication. That's more for software Blockchain. I don't... Anything about books... These are all the books basically ever written in the world reviewed here? Open Library books, book covers, related data, tons of stuff about books, business, charity searches if you want to. You want to pull all the charities in the country's as free for you.
So all these things I'm going to take forever, but look at the size. I'm going to scroll here for a second, and I want you guys to see the size of this list. This is just data feed in cryptocurrency. Look at that.
So if you're doing anything with cryptocurrency, look at this thing. It's nuts. The data feeds currency exchanges exactly how the exchange currency and know where currencies are moving against another data validation development.
You see... Yeah, a good idea. I was here building... Director of... As I'm building right now, we're doing this. We're on this called building ady dictionaries. This is like Wikipedia documents, Airtable documents, PDF documents, and ClickUp documents.
So it goes... But look at this thing, it just keeps going on forever. All this data is very useful to people. But guess what? Just five minutes ago, you didn't know this data existed. You didn't know what...
This data existed was available to you, but when you click on it and you go... "Here's a whole development that the API..." Some of these are free, some are paid. Most of them have a free level, right? They'll tell you if they're free or paid, but... I mean, this is absolutely gold.
All you have to do is pick these things, make them usable, make them searchable, make them discoverable, and useful to people, and you've got yourself directly. So if you want ideas, here are about 10 to 20,000 additional ideas beyond the ones that I gave you in my list.
Look, I'm scrolling and selling weather API. You can get all the weather in any city and drop it in where you're... If you're talking about liability scores and you're trying to know how it rains, you've got a weather API for every city in the world.
So I just want you guys to understand that the data accessibility is not going to be a challenge for you. All we're doing here is taking this... It's a simple business, really. We're taking a series of free and maybe sometimes paid cheap data.
You can have a directory of fireworks laws in every state. So people really understand that they're in tech. How to do that? You know you're in that business for... Or you can have a directory of... How do you think a city or a county finds who they're going to use to do their Power Tech shows every year? They don't have any damn idea they need a video source for that. Harris knows he's been in the tech business for a long time. I'm going to do any more, but I don't need to do...
But I'll actually do a couple of... Check if I can answer them. They're highly technically... These guys come up with... Harry's... Harry does remind you... Dany's dad. I don't know if anybody knew that or not. What's got Harry? What's on your mind?
I'll be working with Nuno on office so you know's only by hand. Get me in the Claude and I'm getting effective at it. Here's a scenario. I'm going to give them to share the scenario. I think maybe you guys and Russell could transfer what Nuno taught me how to do into what you're teaching now and you might be able to obliterate all the problems that people are obviously all of us are going to have learning this process and the robots.
So here's what I'm doing, here's my question, and make a suggestion. I'm building a bridge between instantly and high level. So I'm automating the process of moving the instantly replies over and I... So I'm doing with ChatGPT in conversational mode, and ChatGPT is using those platforms plus Claude to create a bridge.
But put simply, I don't know shit about Claude. I'm not color. I'm like markers. So what I've learned to do, thank you, Jesus. Mr Fast talking, you know, is to tell ChatGPT to use the conversational mode ChatGPT to guide me through the creation of a whole process.
So I don't have to learn anything. I believe based on what you're showing me here, you guys, I believe that a front-end prompt, a pretty easy one that any of us could use. Perhaps... Maybe it's... Musing up could set the stage so that the chat is in conversational mode, which is what's known for me literally catching me by the hand and telling me what to do next based on the front-end load.
They give it, and I can give it... If you know how this works, I can get a vegan amount of information as I have, or I can give a full-blown PD or whatever, but I believe all of us could move through this with more efficiency and swifter if you could simply let an AI walk us through it.
Because none of us... We're going to learn it this way. We're going to learn by doing it. Convers... Yeah, I agree with you. I just think that people need to see the internets of what's going on in the background so they understand why too.
Then we're creating context for that now we aren't techniques because teach us how to do... Yeah, it's like... If you go to computer science at the University of Texas at Austin right now, they're going to teach you... They're teaching students. They're teaching teachers. They're teaching whatever they have to learn the foundations, right? They have to learn foundations, and then they'll know it makes you a more intelligent prompter, if that makes sense.
You'll know how you don't... How it works... How you know if promptly hallucinated or... That's a great question. That's a good example. So when I get those points, I say to chat, "Okay, I see that you want to paste this block of code or prompt over into Claude. What is that going to do and how does that work?"
And spots, and it tells me. Yeah, I know the answers in real time at my speed, and obviously, get to find out what I would like to do is do that here. Most people like to talk to... Yeah, you could be on right now, clarifying your cloud while you're listening to... If you wanted to... If that's where you're at. I just don't have... You said you're working on Claude. You get pretty good. There are a lot of people here who don't know what it is, so we have to...
But I'm not a smart... Taught me. I'm getting smart because I ask. I understand this isn't how I do it, I just teach me. I told it to click my link. You know what to do, paint number, so it slows down and teaches me, and that's how I'm learning it.
Yeah, I'm learning my... Well, now you know. Here you can get more people through the phone. You're least on the right questions to ask because really the bot... I but you guys... I sent you if you're stuck anywhere, you can ask those bots what to do next.
It's quite simple, right? That's what... Yeah, you can... You're already loaded for bear. They're trained up, they're well trained. Answering this question for you. Maybe we should've done part... Maybe we shouldn't...
But I think if you're on... I think what you could do, though... Maybe to the phase of this thing an hour or half an hour or whatever is to give an example of exactly what you just showed me.
This is how you can... This is how anybody gets stuck. Here's how you can get unstuck. Yeah, that's what's going to happen to people's possible... I understand.
So I guess you just demonstrate that people... I find on my side. I'm teaching people that I work with. They don't know that the AI will give them all the interest to every... They don't want to ask. They don't want to ask questions instead of making statements toward it's better to ask.
I think you'll see a lot of that from Russ coming up. Russ is like me. We're not as smart, Julius, so we have to ask how to do things because I'm just joking, Ron, I have to every day. Exactly. Ron, what's got... Can answer some four years at somebody else?
Well, first of all, thanks very much, and thanks, Russell. That's for... Russell, maybe, and if you want to carry you in... As well. My question was, Richard Russell, on the chat, we're talking about developing this either WordPress or... I suggested or replet.
Thanks, Russell, from... I bought the conference in January. I'm thinking okay, I'm building inside. I'm using both, but where you find that you get to a level of scalability that you need to now move that platform off the route because of cost and move it into an app-based plot, re-design it, and upload it someplace else. You're not charged for the in on the... Right?
It's up the scale, you're limited, I think about a hundred gigabytes. What is that, a database? That's when you need to move to a better database, you need to connect that with somebody's level, you removed their super base. Connected to what was it?
I mean, yeah, those are enterprise-level fast... Type of thing, and then you're going to increase your speed by going down. We talk about interchanging databases like that. So yeah, but you're going to have us just like the actors to be able to... Screen the best data ever and... Of this I was like many... I want to learn something else to create something to get these things like this is how the best people in the industry will get the best data.
That's why I wanted to work with him because he had so much big data play in. There was a lot of data. So, I mean, that's one of the purposes of being... Developers like getting to swim in this data. Perry's big.
It's all about Perry's big day being big, of course. All right, I want to show you guys something real quick, just for what it's worth. I don't know how well it's done right now, but I'm guessing it's pretty good. Hold on a second. I just built this. Now let me show you how easy this was on a very simple level. In the last ten minutes I want to wrap it up. It would be that list of all the public APIs.
That's a data source, that's a free data source with an API license, right? So it's free, but it's hard to use, right? It's just a big long list. It's not really much fun. I went in and did this. This doesn't have a domain yet. Was this on a stream? You but somebody clicked that... Bad Johnson right there.
This is how simply you can get started. Okay? You're learning a Ph.D. lesson. This stuff... You don't have to start at a Ph.D. level. But I just told you, go, stick, hit a button, and do this. Guys feel cheated. You feel like you had much value for your money. You wouldn't have gotten the value of the money. You're learning how to build HOLKN directors.
This directory right here, let me pull it up real quick, and you can see it. This was my question posed to you: "How do you feel people feel like they had any input in it like the Crocker EG you got to EG did something?"
So this right here is 33 APIs in health. I just built this literally. I took... Let me show you what I did. I was just for what it's worth over here I wrote this prompt. Well, SE does it show you the prompt Russell the original prompt at the very top show previous message if I couple of times.
So look at how difficult this was. This is really hard. You guys might not be able to play off. I wrote I want to build a friendly public searchable public API directly from this. That was it.
That's everything that I did, and now I've got API if I made this public as I or I got a search directory. Look at this. Yeah, search the other list. Nobody really gave a crap, right? But now, when you go here and it's all searchable, it's scrollable, you can break it in categories.
Look at this. This was all done. I'll bet you if I go down here, it worked for 17 minutes. Yeah, there it is. This work cost $4.10. Now we go back to how we do it the hard way. But so you're not going to be able to do giant things this way. You're not...
But boy, Nelly, what a great way to do this. What a super great to... I'll turn it up. I'm making a direct... If I put it on and I'll get people... Who am I going to get? They're going to these developers. I'm going to get people that need API for AI development. High-value people that will find this very useful.
Because you guys... What? You guys are 200 times more likely to use this than you are. Just that list from GitHub. I made it digestible. That's really it. You guys get it now. So any one of these in the world you want to... A directory of museum art and pulling all the museum art APIs and have a directory museum art for people to get print use whatever you can easily do it that would be a very useful directory for people if you're having money from them.
But now I could probably go over here right now. Watch this. I'm going to interrupt you guys this success. I just want to wait for a second, because people get far too serious and Jack Thener hit.
So if I go here to that's the data scout... I go back over to the other one. One second. Reg Mentor. If I go here and say I just built this directory of public APIs and I'm going to put up on public API and somebody goes "Buy it right now on the beach." A windmill.
I think this is a really useful directory, but I don't know how to make money from it. What would be my best monetization tactics to make money from this property once it's completed? I've still got a little bit of work to make it better, and it's currently on screen, and it's going to tell me exactly how to monetize the directory. You're watching and seeing...
Look, the monetization path is not as first... The pay is strongest money is likely API vers who want to developer attention plus a few developers focused on affiliates and generator products. So basically, we're going to invite other API providers to add their premium APIs in here as advertisers and sponsors. Category sponsors. $100 to $300 a month. Featured APIs. $49 or $9 a newsletter sponsor. Get it? That business just got built in ten minutes. The whole business with the monetization path, right? What would you estimate as the first-year revenues to be for this particular directory?
If I follow your instructions? Five to $30,000 a year? One right now, mind you, this is a directory I built in four minutes if I want to press it. Okay, sorry, so every level case is $20,000 for four cases. We're... To forecast the first for you. I don't think this is enough to make me want to do this project. I want you to think harder and come up with more creative ways for me to monetize the data, period. Give me the best you got, period. This same basic... I want the top 1%. Thinking you're right. My first version was basic, so now the real thing is the API graph endpoints. Having all the information publicly available touts the API, and as soon as they hit it, agencies will pay $200 for $490 a month for this API change intelligence.
So I don't know what most script means. It doesn't matter, I don't have to. You have an API router. You can have the ability to find APIs to create a particular event like you guys want. API actually combine them the best and API broker marketplace light.
Look at all the different ways you gave me. I didn't make this. It just made the last five minutes. We can white label it if we want. So, white labels to it like I love us. Listen, just keeps going. You got your guys on the prize guys, this is like there's the top five best I've got. Monetization that's API trust score. Boy, that's good giving each API a trust score. Really smart idea. Public API data API changed feed as soon as API changed.
So now we're looking more like $90,000 on the low side and up right. Coal tar now comes from $500,000. So these are the tools that you have are incredibly effective, they're very effective. How do you trust the scores? You've come up with an algorithm for them to score those APIs and it could be public comments. How many stars you have on GitHub, things like that. You'll figure out if you're trying to figure out if you don't know. Here's how you do it. Here you go. How do you create trust scores?
So somebody just asked me that in a chat. But really, you should be asking the AI. So there's this. It's giving you an algorithm. Availability on time is 20% of the score, documentation quality is 50% of the score. All this is done for...
If you'll just ask, does that clear anybody up a little bit? Does anybody get more clarity from that? That's how simple this can be. You can go as complex and deep as you want, but this would drive me $100,000 this year.
It's not to be rich, might be $100,000. Every hundred grand helps, by the way, just saying. Every grand helps. I could afford four or five. I can afford for the ex-wife, you never know. All right, I'm back to the guys. I know what they're doing, but I just want to clarify. Guys, don't get your head.
You're getting your head. Start thinking about all the 27 ways you can't do this. And it's not true. Okay, I'm going to back to the guys now. Thanks, Mary. I guess if you have an output like CSP stuff that we can let's... Ahead and put something into a show. The director's... But WordPress... I like you made the... Was a big blueprint WordPress theme basically that a lead you're just going to pan out to people right. It's inside the asset dock.
Yeah, so, I'll make sure to share that again. I'm going to... Back there. So what you see there is a director's... You don't actually have to download that thing... Don't think... You don't have to download the all-in-one right immediately because you have the clone starter too.
Yeah. So there are a few things you'll be putting in. So one of the first things I want to just make sure is... I just said, we're going to give you WordPress install for this so we can hand it out. I, like Tris, are starting to drop links down here. Tris, we pull the intake form.
So a lot of people are on our Springboard already, and we want to make sure to give you... They normally charge like $15 something a month for Ignite for WordPress. So let's go ahead and put the intake form in there.
So go ahead and allow people to request a free WordPress with a Springboard. If you're not in Ignite and don't have Springboard, we have a trial offer for 30 days where you can go ahead and get a Springboard account and then through today and tomorrow, you'll be able to add your name to this intake form to make sure that you get your free WordPress site on there. Does that make sense? Yes.
So if you don't have Springboard, you can go ahead and request it with that link which is going to drop for the free trial there. I gave that to you as well. Are you in the process of dropping? Guys? We have that drop and we'll put it on the comments, we'll continue that going.
I'll add that to a document. What if you want to have GHL but not Springboard? You can have a Springboard subco with us, but we're not able to give you WordPress on your own server or JL agency. Does that make sense?
So I think I clearly outlined... If you don't have Springboard yet, we have a link for you to do a $1 trial for 30 days. Then if you ask Miro, we have a form for you to go ahead and request to be added.
All right, I see a couple of questions come in there and ducked out. Let's see here. If I answer, Joyce is getting ready. So outside Spring where we can... Yeah, so we'll actually provide you with the theme.
It's already there to bring that in to your website. The one-plugin and then the clone. That's basically the JSON file that you bring in, and it'll have the template ready to go. So if you're using JL for WordPressing...
So that's what we were just showing at the beginning. It's so pretty fast, it is super secure, they have reversioning. It's a really powerful tool, and that's why I was like, "Yeah, I love this Springboard go high-level agency."
So are there any questions? I'm not saying I didn't see the drop yet. It is... Okay. So I just put it in. I'm going to repeat this there. So there are two links there, guys, you see the Springboard WordPress request form, that's where people for ignite and then the one down here is a Springboard free trial.
That's where you go ahead and request a 30-day trial and you'll get your WordPress in there. Any questions outside of that? Okay, that's the form, yes. So give us until tomorrow to go ahead and get your WordPress in there, because we're going to do anyway. The Springboard is Spring and Agency, yes. Is the theme only available for Springboard? Again, the theme is right there on Julius's... I want to share the screen.
So let me go to this again. This is a plugin that we use more... You can put in... You can add that to your current more... And this is the one plugin you're going to add this here because this is our template, and you're going to use this plugin to import it.
If this plugin gives any issues, we have a backup that we can use. But these are your... This is... I'm driving at you. So if you have a WordPress site or a brand new one ready installed, you can go and hit the ground running with this information right here.
Okay, let me go back to questions... Where... Yeah, we got... Here's cool. So Springboard, yes, can you share the link with us? I'm going to share that link again with Kathy. I refuse to use WordPress. Okay, this isol because next after we show you the WordPress, we have alternatives. You're like, "Wait, don't use WordPress. It's been the main existence for a few years." Or "Don't worry, have something else we're going to share with you. There's a ton of using up."
But I just wanted to show you this because Julius makes beautiful websites. He found that with WordPress, he was able to... Again, his team knocked it out of the park, some of these websites.
Then that's what you're getting with these WordPress clones. It's going to have his team's designs in there already that you can use to start, not from scratch. Okay? What does Springboard cost per month? After that, it will jump up to $97.
But yeah, if that's not going to be an issue... Let's see a directory asset pack, a plugin listing... With some of those weren't fool questions, which is better: building WordPress or Replic? Okay, so we've used WordPress a long time.
It's one of the best things for agencies. If you've used Yoast, Rank Math, or other plugins, it has built-in items, especially with directors that will be seen as ready. Joyce has already told you that it's going to be a speakable text-ready.
So it's up to... We have replic versions that you can go out and use, but if you haven't built that feature in yourself, then it doesn't have it already. It's WordPress. You can just use a plugin. I'm so confused. I don't know which... I don't want to switch to Springboard. I have my own Google account.
So what you can do is go ahead and purchase WordPress on your existing Google account, and then you can import these directors in this all-in-one plugin in our big foot blueprint WordPress column. So that should allow you to do that with your agency. You don't have to switch to Springboard, you can just pay for WordPress on your own agency.
Right, let's see. What's the bigger directory? That's on the directors plugin, I'll show you after this. Is there any other WordPress again? Yes, anyway, we have an alternative for you after this. I'm going to get into the level which is better.
All right, looks like... Yeah, thank you. So there's... If you have any more questions, take it over. Yeah, right, I'm going to off you're asking. So okay, we have got... Then this is the... It was very good input actually, even us, we actually hit a roadblock. I want to show you why this bugging a while ago.
If you just actually use even send a screenshot if you hit a roadblock, send us the same... We know what actually labels input we do use it as a guide on the way and deb on the way to dump up some conversation with it.
So yeah, it's a good process flow in terms of when you're trying to hit a roadblock along the way. Going back, now that we've had Ador scrape, it's going to remember the sheet that we uploaded a while ago. Now that it has started scraping, you can actually download that CFP file. Now let me just... I'm sorry, going back to the storage a while ago. Remember storage under the storage... Go to the trains where you uploaded your file a while ago, which is in our case... This is not data. We'll just have to re-download that file. In my case, this one.
I'll download this one, save that. I'll already say that I want to go on your folder or wherever you want to save it. Now that's great data, something that we can now upload on your directory file. Going back to the asset back we... What you did on that stuff you downloaded as your storage and it had that CS web ready to go but somewhere... Right?
It's the same file that we uploaded a while ago. Yeah, it's... We're just... We don't probably have content inside that C file that... But we got... But that's good use. So before you jump to that, I think we're explaining why they go in your directory the directory... You'll receive a directory for plugins and ready to clone so you don't have to start from scratch.
It's a directory that has a lot of built-in demos within it, so you can leverage those slowly install it on your WordPress sites and so on our ends. So for example, we've already installed the plugin directory plugin. Once you install the plug, you go to the Director panel, go to Settings so directly builder and then we can start. In your case, let's say you're intently coming off the top of the website. Julius, I'm sorry. You can just... This stuff. I just moved your window down if you can so we can see all the window ls Facebook now. Thank you.
Right. Let's say let's create a new directory, let's say create from scratch. Let's say it's going to be you just that a while ago. Let's say it's a new listing. I think we should start from import. So prior to creating that, this is what you'd have to fill in the fields of what you guys have from your sheet. Let me open the sheet that we have, and I'm going to share it with you. What he did is he has a WordPress install, he has it ready to go, and so he imported a plugin.
I think he missed that part right there where he was bringing in the director's plugin. So now he has the director's plugin, he's going to be importing the CSP but I believe before he imports the CSV, he needs to make sure there are fields mapped. Does that sound correct?
Right. So let's say you've already created... How they show you what it would look like. Here. Let's walk you through this. You got to dash... Let's get this dashboard. Yes, actually, so there's general... This just basically your main setting, this is where you're going to set up your directory icon default listing. We can go there for now. I'm going to set it up later so here remember to fill so we were extracting ago that has to be put in here.
For example, the description of the S it's Dragon Drop basically. You know, Drexing feels like you. So these fields we don't really remember. So it's like you go back over, was it chat 1 or chat 2? That shows all the fields that we have required for departments that in the bot.
So what's actually data? Yeah, what's actually going to provide that for you as well? The same thing he was going to... I think he was trying to grab out. He was working with two windows. We do that a bit. When we're talking with AI, we're talking with another screen.
So what he's going to do is have one side by side where he's referencing all the mapped fields that he needs, and then the directors on there where you have to actually go by and manually create them. So that's what we have on screen. We have... We are in the direct list of... On the right side, and then on the left side... Here we see two that we were using way ago, but two.
So I noticed it's asking you to import because now it knows already we have data. It's going to give you a directly field mapping plan. It's going to automatically provide you what fields to input. Ready to import... I want to put in there, right?
So it needs to tell them what to do. I gave instructions on what to do next, but it's basically just staring for you. It's doing your configuration checklist. So we're going to say map fields. There you go.
So basically, we're just going to copy and paste this thing. So I see one of the fields has a list under the "name" and a better reading for that would be something like a listing title. Yeah, so we have to the title.
So you brought the title over here from the choices to the left. Okay, you have a listing title here, and then the next one has listing underscore content. So that's not going to make a lot of sense to the front end we're thinking of as anything to description so this is a description this is the directress field that you can search here that just like the and the next one address that fast yeah address here just we just have to individually map it here a city I have to put a city here. This's built in your directors. You just have to put it in here in city. This one we check if it sent up here, we see zip code here, and you don't see "C" in the whole selection.
Maybe you could just do a custom field such as text and we'll it so and just cruise through it that way because it makes it a lot easier just copying pastos each individual. Yep. So latitude. Yeah, I think that's right there bones at bones es it's we're mapping out we've screed ago so that they can receive it or knows what it specificallyta it's going to produce, right?
So notice how these are the additional enriched data that we scrape as well. So this is still buy if we skip any of these columns or something just for a specch. I've already built the custom fields. You can run through a few and then that's what we can add. This is sections.
So sections and workers it is like it folds. So if you want to compile in one specific section, you can add a section here, you see 2 and then under that section, that's what you know the custom fields, which is this one.
It's going to tell you what type of field it is. So it's just a Slack field. So for a select field here, next area, just text of that section is the... I think if he's... If you don't end up adding that field, you're like, "Yeah, accepts yard waste." I don't know, if I added that like, it would still allow you to import and it would just skip that math field, right?
Or you can set it up later so you can set up a specific field type. For example, it's a drop down. There you go, it's a filter drop down filter here. So do you reason I want to put this here so that you would know what to fill in later on? Let me at the screen right, let's say...
So that's what the different custom fields and then same with FAQ fields as well and direction there's an FAQ fields as well. But so the least what we give you a walk through on how to 4 as well in original these MOT dropdown filters.
So I just like a little bit of these field types. You know, like the text one, like a paragraph one. I select one. I text areas like all there a little bit more of the input in, right?
It's able to just update for this. I was nervous. I hope you're gonna say at some point and I lose off. Yeah, I got. But again, just like, "Hey, guys, I know that this is a lot longer than we thought. Can you guys? Russ and Julius, can you do a session in the morning?
Before we get to the afternoon session, why do you monetization and why do you monetization and tea sessionning to get dep tech? Forbody who might be lost in tech right now is that's something where we can jump and we can show the alternatives to WORDPRESS on Morning and we can make sure we get it out and make sure everybody's you're show that off a little bit tonight because Russ's got Google that allows you to do a lot of this without having AYPS at all.
It's a little more an write. Russ yeah, and it evolved a little bit in there. But I mean this is where overall design, beauty, and structure. I mean, Joe is a really big picture, but I definitely want to see that.
After the data is in for that city, don't pull that baby out the oven. Why don't you work on that? Julius in the background while Russ shows the alternative is that okay because there's a lot of preparation mapping fields and then carrying in that.
So I guess we can go ahead and run the next one. Do you want to as a stopping point right there you can go back and wrap it up and sort of it back in. But this way, while that's all working in slowing, you can show theftware we're giving can actually give them access to software.
Okay, let's go ahead and do that. Now I'm going to share screen. I was way into this and I love all these previs here. This is cool. So let's... I think we start here trust you. Now let's go with this one.
So I got Keyor code. I'm going to try to share this in our chat too, just to get started. We're going to pick guys, shake up, and we're going to see this I think should open awesome. So you post it there. I let's see where this goes.
Yeah. So what we're going to do is we're going to do a faster way and remax an application. I've been in Replit for a while. I've been doing a whole bunch of applications and coding with the site called replit.dev.
You're here. I'm going to go to the site and... Actually, I think on this area you can do some free coding without even having to pay for a subscription. But I'm still on a $20-a-month subscription, so there's no giant leap to use this and you can use level, but this one is going to be Replit and I trust it as although database hosting in it, right?
So let me... If anybody has used Web, this should be pretty fun just to bring this on in. All right, so let me take a look at one of the links I have in here. The first one I believe you need to get is this link. You're going to copy this link here.
It is the next one on here. It's the website. But this right here and it's going to be this. So if you just go and copy that, we're going to be sharing all these links again with you. But this is what we're going to use to download the web. Let's see, I think I have it available. Copy this.
I think this is a theme, but okay, so I'm going to click this and it should take me to downloading it, right? It's a big one. It was this... Is this a word price? It says CR... I just downloaded and downloaded anyway. This is what you should see when you click that link. Is everybody there? I thank you for posting on that link again here.
Okay, do I need to slow down? Does everybody here where you can download it? No. All right, so I'm going to post this in again, copy... Sorry, I'm going to copy the link and paste it on the face in here and then share this one with you.
It is this baby you can't... It's going to be that's why it's downloaded. I'm going to head download anyway, and it's going to start downloading one of the times. So that's why I got a couple of versions of them. Everybody knows that I don't do you see that?
I'll just make sure that I've got that link in there for you, Chris. Again, this is linked, it is meterlinks.com/bfbp-website. Thank you everybody for downloading it. Got awesome. Thank you for coming in.
Okay, so what we're going to do, we're going to open a brand-new account, or you already have one. It's 531. No, it should be... I don't know. Yeah, I guess it is. It's pretty good, right? So we're going to do... Once you have downloaded it, as pretty much everybody has, this download, you can go to replict.com. I went to replict.com, and up here at the top, you see this is as import code or design. Everybody sees that this is going to be a hack. This should allow us to make it really fast.
So I'm going to go import code, and I'm going to go down here, you see, it says import to replict, and you... Yeah, right, it's a big site, it's going to be... You have all these options, you have... I'm going to do this. Let me just upload the zip file.
So I upload this zip file. I'm going to choose right at that point. So everybody saw what I was doing. I come over here. Zip file import because I just downloaded a zip file. It's a slow download or it's a slowdown. It could be...
So wait a little bit longer for you guys to get that file downloaded. Go just take a little bit again. I got to this and it says I need to download it. Where do you go to import? Okay, let's go back to that.
So web.com I go back with level. Level is not exactly the same. Like I can show you what I got here for level, but yeah, it's... Let's focus on Reb right now, okay? And if you have a rebel, I believe this is a free account thing. It says I have five apps to make, so just go and sign up for it now.
It's a slow import. That's why I want to get it quick. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and go to import. You see at the top, this is a hack. So everybody... Yeah, uploading it now is a platform for building, backcoding, and such. I don't have that toolbar on the left. Did you sign in your account? It should say right here under your name import code design.
All right, I'm seeing most of people ahead of me there. Are you building, are you pretty much there? All right, so I'm going to click the next step. You lost your internet a while ago, that's fine. Created successful. Gosh you're so happy guys.
Okay, so let me go ahead and... Nope, I got Amy all rebel.com. Create an account at the top. It says Import Code design. I'm going to click that because that's what I do. On the screen it says import replica.
You see at the bottom left it should say zip file, right? So we're going to go ahead and import and it says import file. I need to upload one, right? It's going to upload. My latest download is as pro big foot blueprint directories.
Yeah, and I click open and this is what your screen should say, are we all there? Now? I know there's people ahead. Nice you can try actually do this part. Let's see everyone suddenly confused how set up loading mine is a folder that means you zipped it. Can you find a zip folder?
If yours is just a folder, that means you did too much. It should be this if you double click that folder, it'll end up... What we're looking for is the zip file. That's right. Now I roll back with people that say, "Where did I download that zip file?" This is where you download it. Meterlinks.com/bfbp website.
That's your trip, all right? And my downloads, right? You're right. And yeah, some people are linking, and you're like, "I don't know, I'm trusting people to link, so let's..." So this should go to the right spot, right?
That's it, cool. Okay, so I am ready to import. Is everybody with me? What's import? It says this is the file that corresponds to what I just downloaded. I'm going to do import from zip. Awesome. Andrew, you're at a spot where I'm going to have to show you what to do next.
I'll leave the bottom so you don't get scared when it's... CRA. It means we have an integrated... I actually... I'm noting that's some screenshots... Right? So it's going to start importing. It's going to take a little bit, right? Lane?
I see that it's asking for a third-party app to download you. You just download it from Google into your... You don't need any unsipping folder. I don't want you to unsip it. So he's asking you, basically saying, "Do you want to help unsip this folder and let's take a look at the documents?" No, just pull it down to your download folder. I clicked for it. A debug.
Maybe I should have waited. Either way, you can repeat. This will still be for you to come to, but it does take a little bit. See, I'm using a free account just to show you that it's a new account that I'm going to roll through, and we can go back on this. I'm going back a little bit later, but I just wanted to get started here. Started importing so processing right, it takes a little bit to go in... Let's see once that... Yeah, wait, once that comes, I should say the app was successful. I let that import for a little longer.
Okay, so people are ahead of me, and you're saying, "No, it's crashed and stuff." So now I haven't got there yet. This is what it's going to look like when you're successful. And it says you app does everybody else see that?
You see that where it says you app, your screen has changed. It's still supporting for me. Yeah, but I've done this a couple of times, so just wait for just a minute. Yeah. Still downloading? Yeah. It's going to take a while.
If you have a slow connection, especially with a Zoho going on still... It should look like this. Coming up, I'm going to click you up and what it should show me is where it built, starts building it, see it.
Alright, so this is a screen I might... You might be forced to see. Okay, I think it's still important here for me. I see the same screen and I could use my own API that's actually pretty good at your Gemini API but this is what you should see. Once it finishes up. Andrew, I believe had seen something that it's artifact trash and you could use the agent to debug it, right? Can't import zip file too large.
So that doesn't sound like that's true because I just showed how to do it. You just upload it right here, and it had no issue. So check the file you're trying to upload. Where do I get my Gemini API?
Okay, I get that for you soon, but let's just start, directory set up. Let's see if it reaches out, you do it four times. Do you want to come on mute and we'll be the kind of the one that we can help troubleshoot on this? Do you have a microphone on there? Yep, I do.
Okay, I got the screenshot is chat so you can see it. I'll open that real quick. This looks like an odd... What is some back and it automatically unzips it? That's a problem. I had to reset the file and that's not... I'm on map 2 and this is... That's a question because it files different size.
There's something that happened. Can you just download that file again and then save it to your Desktop or something? So every time I try to download the file, it automatically opens the file. So it's in the trash.
If you look in the trash, these are the files in the trash. Okay, I did the same thing. I got the 217MB but if you just click on the red X, then it starts importing. But I don't know if I can say it's the right file because it's... Thank you. Yeah. Click on the red X and then just continue.
But yeah, that should be... I think there's an extra step adding... So when it's important... Then we're at this point. I mean, you can't hear a specific sound. Okay, so this is what our base guard directory looks like with nothing on it, right? A blank directory. Has everybody seen this? Let's see... Upgraded got the crash. I don't see... I got the message... Mind it. Are you seeing the same screen still important? Yes, I got the same thing right. We are seeing... I'll go back because I've done it several times. So it's boarding, so it takes a while. So it's boarding on this one, right?
But for you that have already gotten to this point, we click the blue "out" and view it. It's going to populate this. The other thing we need to grab is... I put it right here. Now next is the database. You see that right there, that's an image here. Let's see... No, that's right here. We're going to click this link and we're going to download it.
So I'm going to download this file, you see how it's going in. Andrew, where did you get that? I feel like you downloaded something earlier. Andrew, can you post in... Where did you download that? Because that's not the screen that you should see.
I think you downloaded something early on. Hey, no, I downloaded from the link in your thing. It was the 193MB and then I uploaded it. Got an error. The first screenshot I sent... Hi, debug. It worked. Gave me the blue screen like you uploaded.
Then it kept chugging away, and I got the secondary hair. Okay, yeah, I'll have you probably share your screen when I come back on how to do this, right? Okay, so when we come back, we downloaded the database.
That's right here. I can confirm this is a database. This is what I should say, directory SW master, and this is a popular here. So all I do is I move this file to the chat, and then I think the directive is just to say "Import this database." Let me make sure I do this.
It's only just a couple of things. Import the database and then you'll have... As soon as that's how you get... We'll go back a few people... You and it looks like I'm going to look at Patty's. Well, all right, I'll take a look at that too.
So I'm pointing my database. Let's sit here a minute. As soon as I get mine right, as soon as it comes through, it's gonna look like this. Let's see there. You see how mine just changed over and now it looks like this? Where I can go to sign in.
This is where I'm going to go back here. Now I'm going to help people. So admin. 12345678. Sign in. Now I'm signed in and I have 600 entries in there for data. Okay, so this will get a spot to stop.
I have the whole process of how to start that going on. So can you use a volunteer so stranger you have a stranger I upload the database... Working now so auto... Okay so you're seeing like that graphic with the... Anybody else you got your hand up? You have screen building troubles? A lot of time I find when we trouble people, a lot of people have the same kind of issues and we can work through them.
So if you're still importing... I know Michelle was the first one there. Can I ask you to come on in and un... Michelle, hi, excellent. All right, yeah, I was wondering if audio... Now I need to share... Yeah, it's a gen but down there I... Awesome, okay so let's see where you are. Let's go ahead and click backwards really quick. I want to see so yeah, if you click backwards, it doesn't have as you press refresh the screen maybe or push the button that... Maybe it's push the green button.
All right about the upgrade button. Yeah, click that... Let's see if these buttons are working for you or it... Well, it says "One config your app so..." and so you click that's all you're seeing. Yeah and you do you know any way to click back one to get back to the public? Let's go to rob.com just type it in.
All right, hold on I go and move this down. Got you Zoho things open the brothert.com yeah you're click... I want to see what happens and then when you click preview right at the top... Let's see down the bottom. Can you just ask it a question of "Can you refresh my preview on my app?" Ring?
Okay, now we're getting some more things. For some reason it just hasn't started running. Let me... End up and explore what's inside. Maybe it didn't finish the imports, that's a question. Okay, well let yours run zip and see how that's going. Let's see it seems like next I can start to build. Would you like yes?
So anybody else having outw it's just like the same type of screen? Describe and then dismiss and then ask if... Does it as its or has it unzipped the application ready to run it because you might just have to go back and redo it. Upload tonxory. Let's go.
Yeah. Let's go back to rob.com. That's... I said it and uploaded it, but then it's start... It's been spinning on starting import for like 20 minutes. Yeah, that's fine. If it still stops, it should take about 20min or so, maybe.
All right, let's go here, let's go back to Impor Code design, let's go to Zip, and then let's choose it again. Let's so and this is confusing. Wait, why? You have two of them, you download it. Let's just take the first one then. No, let's take the first whatever that...
Yeah, I don't know. When I downloaded that way, I think it had... That was my concern is it like unsestimated another app for you? Well, that's going really fast comparatively to mine starting in... Okay, now this did it previously just like this before?
Yeah, I took your whole time you're having other people. Okay, great, let that run a minute. Let's go over to David and we'll come back and show... Hey, David, are you able to share your screen as well?
Okay, get you off mute, David. You're currently muted. You begin a mute all right, you're all right. Screen we'll see. I was like, "It is successful." Awesome, I'm going to see that but you got that. Let's see, maybe you get the green button. We'll take a look at what you have on the screen and again, if they're having the same issues, let's run through them.
Well, I can't get my full screen on this, but I was... Hey, you were correct, you got there, awesome job. I've seen a couple of people get there where they have a full directory ready to customize. David, are you not able to screen?
I have that on there, but the screen... What is the screen? Here it is minimized over Microsoft. I can't figure out which tab to go back to. I got an tab. Okay. When you find out if your screen will come back to you...
Because we should be able to hit a ring button and move. Okay, Michael Andrew, we have you next question. Yeah, I'm here. I got in there and then I got with anything. So it's still importing? Yes, so you're still in the importing process. No matter already. Then it did that look at your app and then clicked that it didn't do anything, so I refreshed it and said we only have nine left.
Okay, what was it doing? We just went to the embers, couldn't find anyone. Can you click back to your tab just to the left? It says imports. Actually, I think I'm sharing no, it's me sharing.
Yeah, so this I tried it first and then I did what you said I put in. Okay, can you refresh it? Said I can't go ahead that tab form. Yeah, you got to start importing something happened. Yeah, I'm doing that.
All right, welcome back to you. I finished so I just quick to the file. I have a 2024 Mexico, I think your computer did something. 202... That's fine. Yeah, in okay, so we have... I'm to quick we have Michael Andrew... Believe that who we were talking with toys like it's uploaded again.
Yeah, and who was the next one you're talking with? I think we just lost his camera. No, you're microphone is right. No, I'm going to... It's uploading. Okay let's go... Your next... So we're still not planning a process for a few...
All right, so I'm going to show you here share screen share. Do you see it? Okay, yes, I see it. Okay, so I was similar to the first lady and I... I mean, for a long time process. I look for speed.
But the exact thing as it happened to the first lady and that was it's uploading. So yeah, if they did that I would just go back to thelo from zip just start whole scratch over again to... Yeah because you didn't get the screen that relation gotten so if you go... So I'm screen if you want to go to rob it again and hit back... I'll start to do it.
Okay, Robert, next you, Russell and Rebecca, I see your question. We're going to... I'll go back over you with that... You'll play the... Robert, where you got? I was stuck in the same spot as the first presenter, and then all of a sudden he stopped and said out of tokens.
Okay, so you're just on your PayPal plan and you ran out your tokens. You must have had very few left or something. I don't know, it's been a long time. I don't want to show your screen.
I mean it's a vertical picture, it's easier to see it, but I think the second issue you've been using for a while there. Okay, is it yes? So I see, yeah, let's go back to reb.com. You always get out here just click that browser and reb.com there we go. I like to see a few people like I got there right?
So on the left-hand side I go to import code or design, yeah, right so zip, yeah, do that. You could draw out your credits. What is it? No, it is so choose your file, it's at the top, click that button, it says drop in, click.
Okay, yeah, and let me see, that's it, yeah, and is it...? Do that, go and click on that, and then go ahead open and then C import... Is everything that I had done previously exactly up to this point here?
That's right. So now I can upload and then I can start for... So can I touch anything else happening? No, you shouldn't. Okay, the reason exactly because over here these projects you see what happens... Hey projects, it comes up appropriate blueprint directly does it? We projects... Yeah, I can see that's where the area is worth it to restart there.
Okay, alright, it might take a minute there. The actual directive itself we're waiting here is actually being built in relet. Yes, yeah, let me actually show that. I'll come right back with our individual screens we're stopping.
Okay, so I'm going to stop sharing as uploading this and take it and share, and we can do this again. So I built it here and built it out. So what happens here? I'm going to show you a little bit. Once you get to this point, you're able to have a full directory where it has pretty much like we did in WordPress, but you have the ability to change all these things out, add images, make filter categories, add text blocks, even more.