---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:02
Alright, so this is a recording of the Ignite Mastermind replay of the Big Foot Blueprint Workshop. This is the six-hour, 34-minute recording update 3. Now, I do play these on double time, so that should only take three hours of change.
However, I think there's going to be a lot of tech support-type stuff, so I'm going to be skipping around to find the actual structure and additional insight from Perry throughout the video. So I'm going to pause the transcription here while I find the first clip that we actually want to take.
All right, I found the first clip of Perry about seventeen minutes in. So what follows next will be Perry speaking and then whatever other people are talking on the record.
Neal McSpadden | 02:14
Everybody, welcome back to day three, the final day of the away web. Plus, I guess we got X-rays now. Hey, before it started today, can we give just a ton of love to this team? To Julius, to Angie, to Russell, to Tricia, to all the people in the background, they make this work. Richard and Soka did. These guys, I couldn't do any of this without them.
I mean, they and boy, they know it, they know they're about to shortly because I'd be helpless when it comes to all the mechanics of making all this work. I mean, PAS was on the cruise. I mean, people come to me and ask me like, "We're on a cruise." We buy and two cruises. Now you people are going, "Hey, why don't you do this? Where are we?" I don't know, don't ask me, don't have the idea. They tell me where to go and where to show up, and that's why they say so thank you all so much for giving them a lot of love because they are absolutely wonderful people, and they make this community as do our members. Of that, I've got so much thanks.
So much love for the community that's in for the... Community for drinking... People here. So much love for you guys. So much thanks for letting me do what I do for living and getting paid for it. I have a lot of fun learning and teaching.
Okay. That being said, your B-side is going on because I want to make sure I get that clip right that you said we were awesome. That sounds fair. It is not on... [Laughter] Just remind me to turn it on. We do that really quickly. I want to... Now that you mention it, that's the one that went viral.
That's the one right there, right? That's the one. So yeah, so one before we started really quickly on the show, something this morning's session because we had... This morning, Russ had a hot on Jewish song and did a short session. Russell did a marathon session with everybody making sure...
I think you said we had... How many people this morning? They got their insult done on that one call. I counted over 300 easy, maybe 350. They all have their own software to run it and do whatever they want with it.
Overnight, I think we added about 70 WordPress and courses for people for free in our springboard. So definitely, I'll be all right. So I was nervous yesterday. Be honest, I was a little nervous before being...
We got together last night this morning. We got to make sure everybody gets in because we... A lot of people say earlier, "Don't give them the money, and it's your problem." We don't... Not break that way, so everybody has to make at least ten times with the investment with me. I failed them and I failed myself and this team all reasons that vision and that's why we do what we do.
Okay, today let me show you really quickly. I'm going to share Slack for just a second. I want to show you guys that we were on earlier. Somebody always calls me right then. Hold on and turn this thing off. Somebody always asks me, "Where are we out here?"
Yesterday I called the wider. This morning is called the wider. So basically what this directory is, it's a directory of the University in the United States. It tells you what the RY is on sending your kid to school, which is a really interesting thing.
So if you go here and I just type in Kentucky, you can pick a state... Central Kentucky Community College Technical School called $4,000. The average person gets out makes $34,000. Central College and Dall costs $50,000 on everyone gets out. They make $66,000 at $27,000 of debt. The University of Eastern Kentucky University. You can see a full profile. All this, but by the bottom, all this built by that simple one that I showed you this morning. Now, that being said, a lot of you guys yesterday when Julius was talking about how you're in the weeds and that's okay. Julius builds at a super high level. He builds for me. He builds with the demanding standards that I have of everything is being absolutely perfect, absolutely beautiful and the most optimized.
If you're going to as you get into this, you're going to want to make all your directories better and you do incrementally you don't have to do at once. Julius Spils for we have to do it right from the beginning. We have a lot of people to pay and we have to earn a lot for property.
So he has everything in a very perfectionist way, right? Russell is, I would say, mid-tier. So Russell's usually building almost experimentally. We're building to provide a first product. He's got great elevations to the tool he gave you, gives you a real framework to work in, and frankly, his builds are going to be better than my builds.
But if you want to build fast and build 5 or 6 of these to see what gets traction, you can go back and watch this morning session again and I show you how. Build 123. I just go into the app that I gave you guys, the custom GPT, the director mentor, ask it even what I should build and then ask it to write me a prompt for replication. I take that prompt in the replic and drop it in and it builds things like what you're looking at right now. This was all built there.
I think this is going to be a very profitable little property. I really did because the 80 links that the affiliations are really high. So when we go into this, it's every University of America. They get federal funding, which is pretty much all of them.
So I pull all this from the federal funding database. Only one day source. So this is how easy it can be. But I want to show you guys to finish on that. By the way, I built that one and I built this one. So recipes have a calculator, have a series of calculators in front of it. You use all these calculators that built recipes.org and I built that last one was the API directory. API directory.org, by the way, was available for open registration and it's really great. It really breaks down every API available publicly and gives a link to whether it's free,
etc. I asked earlier what I took to that. It didn't sound like a jerk saying that I'd be super rich and it doesn't matter if I got all this money. That's not my point. All three of those applications I looked up earlier, I looked up right before I got on the call. All three cost me $34. I got all three of them. Not one of them, all three of them for $34.
So to me, it's irrelevant. You know that's couple places at Starbucks, right? So I wouldn't worry about it if I were you. I think maybe people say that people worry about the wrong questions of times worry about the wrong things and think that's maybe one of them. Getting hung up on what you're spending tokens, isn't it?
You know, or not having a roughly account for $20 is crazy. If you're going to be in business... I said this earlier on the call and I said it again everything... Life... I said this one time... Soft training guy, really brilliant guy taught me this. He said, "There is no nobody trades markets, people don't trade stocks, people don't trade real estate, don't trade gold, stock lines, or anything else. The only thing people trade is risk."
That's the only thing one trades. Paul Horse is in a produce business and somebody's selling tomatoes, somebody buying tomatoes based on one tomato's going to go, another tomatoes go down. It doesn't matter. They're buying risk.
If you remember the old trading places movie, he said, "So yeah, a couple of books, the broker's the idea of that's the way it works. We're training risk."
If you don't take some risk with your time, your effort, and your money, you will get no reward. No risk, no reward. Or, as I always say, "No balls, no babies." You either got to do something or not share it off the pot, as my mother, my dear Saint mother used to say.
So, anyway, I got that out of the way. Okay, here's the core part. Today we're going to cover two subjects that I know you're... I know you're like "the first one," because, gosh, my peers are slow. Today we are talking about money monetization.
So we went through the big idea direct. I think everybody bought the idea. I think you understand it. See the opportunity. Now, I want to get into specifically how you monetized, but before I do, I want to be a warning. All three of those properties I put out, I've out with no compensation, any of them. There's a reason why I do that.
Because you can be covert about it. If I take that custom calculator directly and auto-recipe, and I can drop it in to a big community somewhere on Facebook, I'm not asking for an opt-in. I'm not selling anything. I'm just getting rid of your resource.
Well, I went in and added something to your custom GPT yesterday that you can go and ask it now. Once your GPT's done and you're a lot, you can say, "What communities would it be great for me to share this with?" Where I get my validity so you can share a directory of tools I'd... I'll talk to tools a couple of minutes with these communities how you get mad at you right?
That's the key to virality in these things. So don't overly try to overtize out of the shoe you want to put up. It's a very useful tool use resource. You need some human bodies to it.
So share it. 30 days or so to gain some usability, some virality. People get into it, get used to it, and then you can start trickling in the monetization. Because if you try to monetize right out of the gate, it's like asking to go to sleep. You're 5 minutes if you better it's usually to work out right? Sometimes it does, but you might get something you can't wash off. When you do that right? Paul knows he's been there. I'm just kidding, all right, Paul was wondering about it. What's that? I'd... Sorry.
Okay, so let's get rolled. So what we're talking about today is 16 proven income streams from a directory. You get these SDES, by the way, at the end, so you already got the first set, right? Tricia? Yeah, you have the slide at the end, so you take notes. I should take notes.
By the way, we'll side thing I take notes on watercolor paper with a pencil. I really suggest people do that. The tactile nature of using a pencil and the drag on it has been proven to help you remember things.
I save good paper. I've got weird-shaped paper for important notes, so I know that they're important notes, right? I really suggest you do this. It's a really good idea. If you write with an idea sometimes use green, it's the color of money. It just reminds you that that's an important note.
Okay, so we're going to cover that today. Then we're going to do 20 traffic grabbing methods for your directory. I didn't put this in a sales letter because we weren't really teaching, so I've added all of this and this basically an engine warfare marking machines. Everything that you need to really kick ass and take names of your traffic once the directory is built.
So everything cool with that we good, ready to get started? Who wants to make some money? Put money in the chat who wants made a money. So I know this is... You guys are always interested. It's like I don't have anything else, just show me the money.
So a directory's website, it's a toboth you to remember, it's a different thing. So the monetization methods we're going to cover here are largely different, not all of them, but they're largely different from the monetization methods you would find on a normal website.
Nine people build directories. I see directories all the time in... I'd buying directories. Now I don't buy as many directories as I can that have been built but aren't well monetized. So we're going to talk about how to monetize 16 methods of monetization, and three have very different animals at the end, and I'll explain that as I go along.
So here's a story. All right, number one. Hey, listening. This seems incredibly obvious, but because it is, this is a ladder. So you don't sell listings to your site, you sell a ladder. Your objective is to precede, and that's what we're doing with the data that we're planning. We're preceding the directory. We're trying to get as many listings in that directory as we possibly can so that people will come back in now and list they'll either claim they're listing. We'll talk about that a little bit. Or they'll ask to be listed. One of the things you always want to have at the top right corner of every directory is "Add your listing here." Click here to add your listing.
Right now, you understand if you're not a website owner. But all website owners want what are called citations, and they want backlinks. So if you give them a backlink from your directory, when they claim their listing or when they list with you or upgrade their listing, you're going to have a lot of people that come to you wanting to be listed on your directory. This is I know it's unbelievable right now, but so many people will be coming to you saying, "Hey, can I be listed here?"
Because all the linked-in companies are dying for directories to get listed on so they can get backlinks back to their website. So you get people coming to you. You get a lot of people coming to you versus you have to go out to them.
But you have to start by seeing data to that directory. Then your next level is basic. So you want to bolt your listing and be at the top of the heap. So let's say 100 listings in a category, they're all organic, maybe sell 10 or 20 of those people a basic listing.
It's very expensive. Maybe $10 a month or $100 a year doing that. Then you get to go back to them once they start to get little traffic through that. You could show them you had X clicks that went through to your website last month.
If you're ready to pro, where you put in your logo, your photos, your videos, and get a look selling a verified badge. Who's selling verified badges right now? Anybody putting in the chat? If you know who's selling verified badges right now, you know the only people selling verified badges are the biggest, the absolute biggest industries. I can see the chat. I like seeing the chat talking fast. I drank coffee like a fad today, so forgive me if I sound like a robot. I worked all night and worked on morning getting all ready for you kids.
Yeah, everybody's got... You can almost cheat off the homework, big guys. Everybody's got a badge. Everybody's got a verified badge. So that's your next level and premium is they sponsor the whole category or they get an expert in the top category for their city or for their state or for their particular niche, right? Paid listings are like the lifeblood of a directory, and they come to you not completely automatically, but sort of automatically.
You're not selling to space, you're selling status and discoverability. You want... Everybody that gets into a pile wants to get to the top of the pile, so it's very easy. You don't have to push them on it. They're going to want to send...
Look at how hard we tried to grow up in Google listings, Google Local. People are spending fortunes just to get bumped up in another place or two, or to get their verified badge or to get their now automated voice agents on Google. You can... Continue to add things, and the more these people come in for you guys to sell goods and services, it gives you a giant base to sell to.
It's a little weird. I'll tell a story about this real quick. That's in these slides. My friends say he's a real estate courses, and he made a lot of money from that directory. Do you know what directory was? He made a lot of money from that directory back then. Mostly because if you got good... They wanted to list. They wanted to have control of their profile so they could add more stuff to it.
But really no one wants to make Stacy mandatory. It gives you this really great position of authority. He could ask all kinds of favors for people and get away with it. Largely because nobody wants to make a man.
Because when you get a bad review, people are going to get bad reviews. If they say he liked you, he might help you mitigate that review. If you didn't like you, just look it up and don't let anybody comment on anything else, it would be bad.
So you get this position of authority quite automatically and pay listings or a giant piece of that. Okay, and so we... Yeah, you could charge a fee to come in and update their profile. They're printing profiles for them if they want to build out for them. Next is featuring printing placement, and this is a little bit different.
So a listing can be enhanced, but to move them to the top... You see Ace Flus here, it has a totally featured area at the top. All this can be added by... All this to be added with agents asking agents, "I want a feature, I want to put a feature listing at the top." Each category in many categories can do that for me, right? You're basically selling the IP. You're selling red carpet, best in the house.
There's always going to be somebody that wants that spot. As soon as your director gets any contracts at all, somebody's going to want that top spot. They're going to be the top... Here's Crazines. They'll get it, they'll buy it, right? They'll buy it just so their competitor can't get right.
Yeah, IDS is all the back office for you. 100% of the office. Now when you get super advanced and this thing starts getting out for you, you're going to need somebody like Julius or somebody else that comes in and makes it better. Not that it won't run any other way, but once you're making good money from it, you're going to make great money for it. You don't have to invest that money until you're already making a lot, right? You can already be making money before you have to move up a level.
It's just fine to start with Replic doing the Dunny Perry way. It's better to start with Replic or other tools doing it the Russell way, right? But if you want to build a rock-solid platform or if you already made money in your director and you want to take the next level, you're afraid that reps as Shay's hosting is pretty expensive. You're probably going to migrate off the red onto a solid server, and that's where Julius's methodologies are so much better.
I mean, Julius is a perfectionist, he's the opposite of me. God, we have people like him because I'd always be big. He's really good at white guys. So, they'll always pay for that. You can look and see.
So people watch I church with... Depends on the category if you're selling to... If you're selling something where, let's say, a toping for an HBC company, well, they're paying $50-60 dollars a click for clicks locally.
$200 customer for late... I think they say that but their average customers for several thousand dollars, they're going to pay a really premium price for that. If you're in a market where the average transaction is very low, they're probably going to pay less. That doesn't matter to you. It doesn't matter if you're in a low status. Low strats as lot more other people, right?
So it usually washes itself out. Angie, I can't see a lot of what's going on, so I need to stop clarifying anything for anybody. Please let me know. Yes, absolutely. Anyway, so next to sponsor search, so you've got a search bar and every directory has a search bar. Sponsor search is different than sponsor listing.
So you can sell basically PTC and you can do it on a bid basis, but that's going to be down the road, right? You're not going to do that right now. What I would do is probably give PPC preference to my sponsored listings for now, but eventually you can add a PC bidding mechanism in where just like Google, just like on Facebook, just like LinkedIn, just like all the other directories YouTube, you can actually sell search traffic to the highest bidder.
That's maybe down the road a little bit, but you're not going to all these modifications in place too soon because every time you end the monetization method, it's going to thwart your growth.
So, who knows how to drive a stick? Anybody in the chat stick the worst shift? You know how to drive a stick shift? Put the word "stick shift" in the chat, right? So once you haven't... Who's never driven one? Who's never tried?
If you want to understand this completely, if you've not driven a stick shift, but a stick shift has three pedals like an automatic car, you've got a gas pedal, brake, and that's it, right? You can go or you can stop, but with a stick shift, you have something called a clutch, and you press that clutch and you just coast, right?
So there's a time to be aggressive, there's a time to coast, and there's a time to stop like if you see your growth slowing down because you've added too many modernizations. No, excuse me, Russell.
I have gotten into almost spitzwalking match-ups, fighting over how many ads we put on our website because I always want to get less and less ads because the less ads you have, the more traffic that you get.
But without some ads, you don't need any money. It doesn't matter how much traffic you get. You've always been doing the collection of the break in the gas pedal balance this. But PC is a great way to do this and everybody sells it now. Yup, sells PC. YP sells sponsorship, YP sells prime placement. You should really spend time on your homework going through these big directors we talked about at the beginning and look at all the different revenue streams they have.
There's a lot because they're doing all this stuff the right way. That's why those are billion-dollar companies. Fourth is probably the easiest one and the highest leverage and that's lead generation.
That's actually selling paper lead, paper call, or paper exclusive territory. So somebody wants to be the only main listing for anybody on the Austin, Texas website. You can sell them that or you can sell them the lead. Every time you generate a phone call, it goes through a third party application as about where we can bring a phone number and forward that phone number onto the client and you charge per call or you can charge for the lead. When somebody fills out a lead form on your property, you forward that lead to them and you charge per lead on that. This is something you do pretty early on.
It's really technically very easy to do. Or any of the other coding applications to do this for you and you sell the ring. Man, people don't know how to phone right now. If you own a plane business, pool service, a mechanic shop, or a bike shop, you don't have time to try to learn in marketing. This is a really excellent time for us because every business is completely dependent now, completely dependent on one web traffic. There's no business that is not on web traffic.
But almost no business knows how to generate themselves. So they pay agencies to go out and try and make their one little property popular. Or they can... Listen, you're a popular director, so what do you guys do when you're a serious business? People on here going by... I do. I spent...
You know, I don't spend $150,000 a month on Facebook and $40,000 on Google and buying another $10,000 on interest and a few more here and there. Right? We pay... I don't really try to make my sites popular, but they get popular, right? They don't get popular. I don't care because I can buy a lead for $5 and convert that lead to $20.
When people learn that they can do that, it's like pumping oil out of the ground and refining it. That's all they want to do. Bookings and reservations. These are really fun. You can get a book out, you can get a cut every booking.
So this will be great for hair salons. You're with beauty of restaurants. I'll tell you this recently it's huge. Zillo I used to be a consultant for Zillo and back in the day. Zillo, yeah, hotels for sure.
Expe would be a widget you can add to any of your directories that anybody books anything in that widget to exp you get a commission on it. We use that for customer service. But Zillo used as they sell leads for $200 as when you go to Zillo and you see a house listed and to the right there's a realtor there that is not usually the realtor listed that house. Everybody assumes it is.
It's not the realtor who listed that house, everybody assumes it is. It's the realtor who paid to be there, right? It used to be $125 a lead. Krisp was... They didn't follow up on people and follow up on was the reals were lazy follow up on the Wes so or they were too afraid to because the other phone might be rejection, right?
So they didn't follow up on the leads. So what happened? Zillo just decided to go to the agents that did follow up on the leads and say, "Look, why don't you charge us leads any more? We're going to call these others. We're going to... You're losing charge you losing really nice one, right? Who hears a realtor what do they do now? Anybody now 40% of the real estate emissions 40% for being the directory, right? Pretty crazy. Next this is a little harder, but once you get here, you have won the whole ball game and that's marketplace transaction fees.
So once your directory has enough buyers and sellers in it that are intermingling, the thing you can do is to become a go between the PayPal. We were talking about this in the floral business and the vegetable business.
It's an out data industry. They don't know what they're doing right? They don't have any really way to connect. And you're seeing companies like Fair Air.com has basically taken over the small gift shop wholesale business with a small...
Not only do they... We'll talk about that. Not only they charge a transaction, they make a bunch of ways, but once you have buyers and sellers on your site, you can just put them together. So like eBay does. Or it's just a directory of proxies. eBay is just a directly proxy. They're putting together a buyer and a seller. My girlfriend Dall now she's selling on whatnot if you never want one. Who's on what not who's ever going to anybody gonna whatnot love it.
Yeah, that's why you're broke TED. I'd kidding. I don't broke, I don't TED, I'll tell you if you're care, it's fun and it's just a product. It's basically Etsy with live video and it's a little auction sizes a combination of ten second options crazy hyper crazy tense as they took over from Bay but from Instagram, built from YouTube. Scoll together and they made these little mini QVCS that run on your phone. They're telling it they make 8% transactions, 8% of every transaction goes through there.
Yeah, to take shots. They're all doing it. They're all doing it, guys, you know who's not doing it? You're not doing it. You're like, "I'd go to do a Facebook channel like that." This is where it's at. This is how almost every successful business on the interwebs makes money.
Yeah, you hundred thousand dollars in transactions today. It's not your money, it's passing through people. $25 an a fee on that. It's really cool, man. On some of our sites, we have requests for quotation. They think they're getting quotation from us. They're not. We just pass that RQ on to somebody else who pays us $250 an RQ for it, right?
So because they don't know how to get RFQs themselves, or if they do have a RQ themselves, it costs a lot of money, so they're willing to pay for it, right? Bra trailer brains as nobody's bra trailer.
It's a classic thing where lot times are selling a car that doesn't run. They fear not making money selling cars don't run, which is crazy. Not they're all not run. A lot of our FQ has a request for quotation, so it's more a beaut space where people are saying, "Hey, I got... I'd about... Here's what's great about an RQ and RQ is I'm about to spend this money. I want to get quotes on it.
So they're singing a quote saying, "I'd sure spend the money." So this is a customer singing with money in the pocket burning. So that's reason for RFQ, RFP is the same thing. Yeah, RFP RFQ is the same thing, right?
So this is one that's really interesting embedded payments. So, anybody know ClickFunnels? Yeah, ClickFunnels. So, ClickFunnels, they have a deal with Stripe, so they make half a percent of everything that runs through Stripe, right? They offer that as a service, the smartest one I've seen for this is fair.
So fair is a marketplace. It's a direct marketplace for the wholefts soles manufacturers distributors. Here, I got stuff for sale and gift shop owners and be owners over here say I want to buy it, and they take a fee.
I think about 80% of games they take a fee for connecting the bar. They take a fee for connecting the buyer and the seller. But here's what they did really smart. They partnered up with some fancy partners, and they're really just the arms of a firm, and Square has an arm for this.
They said, "Hey, Mr. Buyer, how would you like $50,000 of credit to buy with?" Buyer says, "Yeah, I love that. Okay, great, here's $50,000 credit to buy with." Now, Mr. Buyer over here, how would you like to be in our property? Now, because we all these people have $50,000 instead of $500, of course, the seller's going to love that, right?
So it creates higher transactions. They're helping the person who borrows money. They're staying with the seller. They're a transaction. But here's everybody knows they're making a spread on the interest rate of the loan.
So they're getting a buy rate on a loan at, let's say, seven or eight percent, and they're charging 12 or 13 percent to the bar. So they're making money on the transaction and they're making money on the financing. Same way like the car businesses.
If you're noticing, you go to buy a car lately, it's very hard to pay cash for a car. I'd pay cash if you're a big deal, you want a partnership. They don't want you to pay cash. In some cases, it's very hard to buy a car and pay cash for it. They don't want to sell it because they only make a little bit on the car. They have a lot of financing.
So that's true. Okay, no content. This is something that we do in some of our media properties now where... Like howrecipes.com, Craft will pay us to run recipes and editorial content written by Craft's... We chose a recipe because they want to buy... So you've got a lot of different companies out there that will want to host... They want you to post content. Once you post their press releases, they want you to host webinars to your audience, right?
And they're all paying big money for this. If you look at a company like IndustryDive, they're getting anywhere from $1,000 to $4,000 to run a webinar to their audience. Run your own... They charge $4,000. They make money, you're not to do it, but if you're in a market that has a good set of buyers in it like they are... They're agricultural, right?
So, farmers are there. So you've got John Deere who's running... About a new $500,000 combine. They'll pay $4,000, so they don't care. They say, "One $550,000 combine. They could run that thing for two years, right?"
Native content people really like it. They like doing this because it's trusted, right? This demands far you get far more money. A programmatic advertising. You can do programmatic advertising directly, like Google ads and stuff like that. You can do that, or after the name, he woke up. Or you can do that, but it's pretty low when you get these companies are willing to do this, and they get the authority of being on your site.
I go to the last on my list. Why they want it so they'll pay big money for it. I mean multiple... I've been doing this for years. I've made millions of dollars on AMAs. I have 11 million people on the AMA list.
I know you love Zoho, Russell's sucks, so just list your email. I was doing so I'd emails I'd do questions later so we are int list there are all pricespending on the size the list quality customer.
But what people don't understand about email list rental is... I think it's not ethical or really even allowed by law for me just to sell you my email list. But I can send an email on your behalf at any time, and this is something that gets paid for on a CPM basis.
If you got a hundred thousand people on your list and you're charging $30 CPM, you're going to charge $3000 to send an email on behalf of someone else. That can be... Have me or that can be... Have a Ford, have a Cadillac, or accounting or whoever is wanting to get to your customers because everybody has a finite list of people, so they're trying to reach outside their finite group, and they'll pay big money for it. This has been... There's been a way, even with my media probably...
I've been making money for a long time, but the amount you charge depends on the size of the list. It's 1000 people on your list, and it could be anywhere from three dollars a thousand to $500 a thousand.
So if you had a list of people that are just gold investors, that's what they did. You could probably get $300 a thousand for mailing if you're cool. Pictures.com. You're probably going to get that much per thousand, which probably goes a lot of you want on that list.
So it bounces out. ABI data, this is probably the fastest-growing area. So when you go out and gather all this data, most people don't want to do this, so they gather all this data. Now people want access to the data. The same data you bought. You have the ability to sell and you're buying raw data and you're selling enhanced data.
So you can buy data really cheap on the wholesale side and then sell it. You can go back on API and I show you guys AI and Juli Soldiy, guess what AI is? AI is
a directory of API data. That's all it is. So once you build out your directory smart list, your data, if you're going to share it, that's going to sell it out because you can sell it per piece right where you don't want to buy a lot. They want to buy. For instance, if I do nailsons
and I got 50,000 nails, they don't... 50,000 nailsons. They want nailons in Kansas. They could buy it from me at a per-nail basis at a fiber's usually finds a 10x markup from wholesale from raw wholesale to cleansed and enhanced data.
Because we enhance data, we have 70 data points. I find if you a dog, cat, not I'd noting I can't down to an individual. I find an individual person owns a dog or cat based on the record. Because, there's no... I mean, maybe don't... There's no privacy. There's no such thing.
So, your credit card companies... There are only about four, five real credit card issues in America. These master cards American discover they're all selling your what they call blind data. So they're not selling things that are particular about you other than what you buy, where you go on maps, what you search on the interwebs. They're going to know a lot about you.
There are companies out there like Audiences Labs that create these matrixes using AI of what you're interested in, right? They adrocery store everything about Walgreens right now. It's so crazy. Who here uses Instacart to get their groceries? Anybody Instacart branding groceries, I'd have to go to the grocery store. We have a grocery store in two years, and we use it every time. Here's what's crazy, James, you've got to check out of this if you've been delivering it.
If ten of you go into Instacart and buy the same grocery list, you will likely get ten completely different bills based on the data they have on you and who you are. They know how healthy you are. You know how quickly you shop. You know how careful you are as a shopper, and all these things about you.
So they're charging everybody the price. They're treating very differently, but they're doing it because they're buying this data. If you can give live access to fresh data to people, this is where you can sell data for a thousand dollars a month on a subscription. Or twenty cents or thirty cents like we did earlier. $75 cents a record.
So let's say you have 100,000 people on your list, and you sell them for $70 a piece. That's $70,000 just to give somebody API access to the data you already have. The great thing is you pay to require it once, you can sell it as many times as you want.
This is a pretty heavy unlock. Most of you guys are probably not going to get to the point where you'll use this. Which is unfortunate because it could be... If you're... You'll say this if your directory gets over 8,000 people using it on a regular basis on a...
But you know, I'd partner with you on... I don't want to sell. It's really a giant unlo piece. Number 11 job boards. Almost every industry needs job boards. People are sick of death. Indeed. They are sick of it because you go to Indeed and you say you need this very specialized thing. They charge you a paper fee basis, and they start sending you absolute dog crowd applicants where you're much better off to go run on job boards that are very specific to industry.
So if you're in industry AB, where people have careers and jobs, they're having a job board. It requires no new traffic. The same people that are there looking at things have got to be there that are seeking employment or seeking employees. Again, you're just marrying those people together and taking all those slides.
It's paper post again. Featured slot. You can do it on a subscription basis with post all the jobs you want to post on a monthly basis for X dollars, or you can do it per post basis up to... You want to get it the most. I would do it by the way. Low to get monthly in the beginning because you want a lot of jobs on there the more busy get.
Yeah, and the talk to you try to find people, and we've got somebody right now. I don't know if Jess, are you on the call? Is Jess working with us on the call? She was on a cruise. If you are on the call, she's on the call. So she was talking the other day. She works with
the recruiters, and she goes and finds candidates for the recruiters, and she did. She said 30% of your process, but yeah, 30%. She gets 30% of their fee, which is usually $10,000 to $50,000 per person. She goes and finds this person and introduces this person to a recruiter.
It's $50,000, so it's very profitable. Events, I love events, right? Any director has a big audience to build an event. At live summits, virtual summits, and conferences, we spend a lot of money. We make a lot of money.
Who was at Breaching Live last year in San Diego? Who's there? I know we got some people here, but they're thinking like you, Mary. Much more than it costs close to a million dollars.
You know it costs a million dollars, but it makes money, and it's a big audience for you. But even better is to be able to sell tickets in advance to your directory and hold the events usually with a sponsor partner who will pay all the expenses.
That's the way that it usually goes, right? You get a sponsor partner, pay the expenses, you sell the tickets, get money, and you have the event, and it attracts more people to you. It's part of the flywheel. This was one of my absolute favorites. Awards. I would be thinking about as soon as you want your event, as soon as you want your directory. What kind of awards are you going to get?
You can get really narrow on the awards like the American Association. We as the best pistol, the best rifle. We do the best 20-caliber revolver, the best carbine, the best 20-caliber. This, that's you covered.
That's part of... You want to have a lot of awards for a lot of reasons. 1, nobody has ever marked you a fan because you said, "Hey, you've been nominated for an award." It's a really easy way to get people to open your emails, right? They have huge red value. People will break their backs. They'll sign up for your best sponsorships just hoping that's going to help them win the award.
Plus they get to use that badge all over the place. Guess what? It's going to be up... So and so directory. So does anybody know, by the way, what JD Power does? Has anyone heard of JD Power? JD Power Associates? Anybody heard of that?
Yeah, so JD Power Associates gives awards every year. But here's a craziness if they give you an award, you can't post it on any of your advertisements or anything else that you won the award without licensing their brand.
It's multi-thousands of dollars. They're a multi-million dollar company. All they do is they give awards, that's all they do. So awards are about people, everybody wants an award, where they say they are not everybody's as, but it's as forms of status and you can sell people status 14 training certification, most of you know about this one, right?
If you've got people coming into your space, they're specific to a certain group, it's very easy to sell them certification and you have the authority to certify. You have more authority than Perry's website has. Certify, right? You have a lot more authority. You can have training, continuous education classes.
It's recurring, high margin, and the problem with selling education is the traffic is high but if you get free traffic, if people are driving traffic to you, this becomes one of the highest margin areas of your entire business.
Credentials are definitely needed right now. Nobody knows who's who, and people will kill themselves. We went to Digital Marketer and were not making very much money, and we were certifying for Digital Marketer. We were certifying for a private thing, but they didn't have a good name, and it saved the whole company. We did $20 million in certifications. Very sure we did it. People want to be certified, they're dying to be measured.
If you're in the services arena, this is where you need to scrape off the CAM and CP. You can send all the customers to somebody else on a lead generation basis, but you get a copy of yourself, and you cherry-pick who you might want to work for. If you want to do work
for your work, you should do it anyway and sell it to somebody who does want to do work for you. Just create a partnership and split. Done for you will be big tickets. So you might get ten people that come to your site, and one of them ends up buying $5,000 for you.
This is where you really can scale quickly. You're managing their reviews already. They trust you're going to shoot photos. You can do all these things, and so much you can do if you have a particular skill that can be sold done for you.
I know almost all can be done for your business, but you don't have to chase the clients. You want to impact a lot more profit from it this way. 16 affiliate commissions, right? Everybody on these groups buys something.
You know? Mal says... Not everybody that buys a laundry detergent. What do they say? Yeah, everybody buys laundry, and watches porn, but everybody watches porn buy laundry. So there are certain things that you can tell everybody. Everybody buys insurance, everybody buys cars, everybody buys life insurance, everybody buys these generic things that you always have the ability to be an affiliate for the premium commissions but like it was a recommended list they pay smalls. I convert misunderstood is it's not... I don't make hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. Why don't you get Ryan? I don't need it, he says, if you don't mind putting it in the Slack in the text. Always funny, okay, cool.
So now those are the 16 primary ways to monetize. But depending on what your directory is about, you're probably going to have some vertical ways to monetize that may not be applicable to anybody else. Really unique weird stuff like Paul.
If he's doing live lowers, he lives in Miami, where the largest live form market is. He can have a totally different way of having a live show on video. The top of the directory. He can make a market in flowers.
I mean, there's every vertical's going to have additional things. These are the general catch-alls that work for everything, right? Dark paper braces from Amazon. Yeah, Angie Norris makes a ton of money from being an Amazon influencer and affiliate. She makes much of images showing off products.
So field image is always solid. So those are the 16 I tried to get the 16 of the broadest. They're going to work for pretty much every directory, and I'd be three caps. I think these are super important. They're not necessarily... They're anti-sation methods, but they're completely different animals.
So I call them the three parallel business models. Number one is the newsletter business. So I've been teaching the newsletter business since I started at night. I'll tell you it's been really good for us.
You'll see how to talk a little bit. We get traffic about the self-writing newsletter. Having a newsletter coincide and run alongside your directory, and it can be a newsletter along the PA community like a school or something like that. They can run alongside your directory.
It's going to give you reach. So I think the only downside to the directory at all is that people have to come to the directory, right? You have to go to the directory. When you get them on your newsletter, you're reaching out to them.
So it's like the newspaper being thrown on their doorstep every morning. They're much more likely to pay attention to it. Newsletters are selling independently for millions of dollars, and even small ones are sinking for thousands of dollars.
So the ability for you to build your newsletter on the back of the directory... There is no way to build a newsletter and listen to subscribers through direct record. There's really not. So you're crazy if you don't run this business in parallel to the directory business.
I'll show you in a minute how you write it. You can have the directory write a newsletter for you. The best kind of newsletters out now are those kinds of users. We'll talk about that. But you're going to get... Each one makes the other one more because you can send people back to the newsletter just like you send them back to the directory.
It's this constant rotational mechanism. For newsletters, she's like newspapers. Beverley is probably the pink lady with a pinkir and probably has pink and toenails too. I don't know. One of the smart people I know has built some incredible newsletter properties. SAS you almost can't ignore it. You can create software so easily now with the guide tools. The SaaS business. A director is worth three times its earnings, generally speaking, unless it gets a point of huge scale. A software worth tens.
If you've a software company and a newsletter company together combine, you're going to get much higher multiples. Now a newsletter that you're going to hire multiple... You understand my motivation is probably different than most of yours.
I mean, there are some people here probably the same to me. I don't have a real... I have a desire to make more money. I do desire to make money. I don't really worry about income anymore. Don't worry about income think about x value. I only build businesses so that I can sell them.
That's my modus operandi. I've sold now five companies. I don't really care so much about just making more money or more income. You will until you get real comfortable.
It's hard not to think about income. Once you get really comfortable, you should stop thinking about income and start thinking about value because everybody I know that's really rich got really rich because they exited a company, not because they profited from one because they sold one and had a big exit. The richest people...
So yeah, plan to exit. You plan for before you know when you start your directory, ask yourself a question, "Who will buy this?" If this works out the way I think, well, who will be the buyer? You want to think about it in advance so you can build a directory that would be really suitable for your potential dream buyer.
But if you ask it could be ten x seven x ten x the value when you go to sell, and I don't want to build anything to sell it. I've had $41 million in excess in the last, I guess, five or six years. I had smaller exits before then, but $41 million in the last five or six years.
It's almost impossible to earn that much money because every dollar earned, you're paying income tax on one. Plus, we're stupid as Americans, we just... Whatever income is, we tend to adjust up our spending month to meet income. I can't blame any kid I've had. Twenty-three-year-old kid somewhere.
I mean, you're kidding with as much money. I bought a condo in Tallahassee, I got a Ferrari and a Jeep wagon. You're an idiot. Every dollar you're taking out of those companies could be worth $9 if you sell them because every dollar earning, you can usually get eight to nine times that.
So I leave all. So my X is like a big policy. But most people don't get that, right? But SaaS is still as much as ever said SaaS is going to be hurt. SaaS is still by far the biggest multiple business out there for us right now.
So adding a SaaS and I can start by adding a tool to the front of your directory and in three. This is my favorite one, if you know me very well, you know I've loved this forever. I still love it. 21 years ago I started my first association of the money that I get passive income every month that comes into my bank account every month. The vast majority of it comes from association members. I get paid a lot of money for association news. I own a number of associations in a number of industries and people pay me a lot of money. A lot of people pay a little bit of money every month, like $70 a month to be an association, or some $9 a year, or $70 a month on summer, $200 a year, some $5 lifetime memberships.
But here's the thing starting association going your directory or having directly owned by association will no doubt make you more money. You can ask ChatGPT here or ask any of the tools if I make this association, I'll make more money. They're going to actually tell you make a lot of money.
But here's what's crazy. You get instantaneous authority, instant authority. If you're the national association of Blank, you automatically have more authority than blank.com. You just do. It doesn't make any sense.
But I taught associations for a long time. We taught people to build SaaSs. We do SaaS workshops. Fantastic. Some of our members have built my code SaaS applications, some of them have started associations, some of them have started newsletters. Who here? Everybody has an association, a newsletter, or a SaaS. How many you might put in the chat? All three, newsletter, yes, yep.
So these are all. But the thing is these are not separate businesses. People are a lot confused which one should I do. Is you pick starting point but they all melt together because they all increase your income. They all increase the valuation of what are you building?
Okay, so I hope you guys who got a lot who's already seen at least one thing in here they know they're gonna use to monetize their business. You know how many people saw two? Was five? Yeah, put a number and how many things did you see going through this? 19 you know you want to do to monetize your directory. At least 8 she was 15 there these guys go... Nick five times three go... Lot 79.
Yeah, the vast majority of directory builders don't know how to do this, they don't know what to do. Honestly, any of these workshops, but any of these, you're like, "I don't know." When you go through these slides, you don't understand how associations can help me. Just go ask the directory mentor. How would adding an association to help me? How do I do it? Why do I need to know? That bot will tell you everything you know.
Because it's trained on the way I think. In the way I build, they'll tell you everything you know, so I don't have to explain each one of these in great detail. You can go to the directory. It's going to help you walk the whole thing.
Okay, so I don't want... On a serious note for a second, I know that some of you guys have asked, what happens after the workshop? Well, what happens after the workshop? Depends a lot on you, right? What typically happens? It sucks. Most people never implement what they want an overshop. Less than 10% took action within 30 days. 90% all I hate to say it. We've got your single habits and have forgotten about this in 09:33 months.
A lot of you guys, in aggregate, have just spent millions of dollars with very little show for it. And it's because right now... I know you're excited, right? The decision made today is my exercise machine. You're excited about the exercise machine, right?
There's effort and there's work, and the bigger bitch is getting your stuff at home, all alone with no motivation to really do it other than your own self-motivation. So you're really self-motivated, right? The truth is 5% of 5% really multiply 2 5% of people in the world and employees everybody else. We drive the economy, and you're either us or you're them, right?
So I don't know which one it is, but even if you are motivated, it's hard to say motivated all by yourself, right? Let me have this thing I absolutely love. He says you can't stay at the degrees in a hundred-degree room.
I absolutely believe that to be true. So if I have permission, I want to tell you about our groups and about nights. A lot of people ask about it. I'll take five minutes or so. It'll be brief. Do you have permission, guys? About night, what we do is that okay? I don't like guys been wondering awesome. Some of you have it, and I'll tell you right now I say everything else you can take what you learn here right now with some introduction and go do this 100% yourself. You do not have to be in any group. You don't have to be in anything else that we do. I design these things completely differently than everybody else. I don't hold anything back. I told you exactly what we will do to make this work the greatest that it possibly works.
But some people want to be in a group. They want to be in a group because it provides motivation for them. It provides advice. They want to find a partner, they want to find a friend. They want to be in a community where everybody looks at it. I got three friends because they are entrepreneurs, right?
Okay, so what we're going to do is pretty interesting. So knowing how and knowing how to build directors' SS having one right over the next six weeks, we're going to meet every week on Thursday. We've done this before and every other time, and we did this for by coding. We've done this for others mostly led by Russell and I come in and helps, comes in and helps from time to time.
But over the next six weeks, we're going to really do a launch sprint. We're doing exactly the same way we do in our company. We take six weeks to launch a directory. When we put it out, we take about six weeks, and we have a cycle that we go through to do it right. We're the first. We go tock down niche and build your data. We're going to help you get out all the data you need. The next week we're going to stand up and make it live so we got an AP. The next week we're going to fill it out to make it scene and start to get people in to the ability to get as many people to it that want to be a part of as possible. The next week we're going to monetization, start adding monetization elements. The fifth we're going to work on the CO, on the traffic, and the sixth week we're going to launch to a full launch.
So it'll be live in a second week or so for those who can move quickly. But by the six weeks, we do an official launch at six weeks, and we have a little on the launch party, and it might surprise you for a handful of you have a launch party here in Austin, Texas, which I think would be really fun for those of you going down.
You know, we were reluctant to do this, but did you guys see how pretty Julius's directories were? Did you see how beautiful they are? Julius is his core graphic artist, and he's amazing at it. He leads a team of other graphic artists that work for me.
It's extremely professionally. I've asked Julius to design the front end of your directory for you so it looks unbelievably beautiful right from the very beginning. You can't do that for a certain number, but we're going to do it for those. You all are really serious.
We're going to give you three additional things. We're going to give our newsletter business training, our association business training, and our Microsoft training all 500-hour workshops. You're going to get all of those along with all of the six-week launch print recordings that went with each one.
So you're going to get both of those. I don't want to get into those yet because you're going to get into them, and you get extracted from the core mission. The core mission is in the middle. You're going to add additional parallel businesses.
It's just a crazy cool thing. We got a great deal for you guys. We're going to get this done. We tried to as many as we could, but we have to charge a few bucks for it.
But this is because you guys got the... You've got three hundred of stuff. This is a little bit different this time, right? But we'll take care of you guys. We always take care of you guys. In addition to that, you're going to get a year of...
Neal McSpadden | 38:10
So I am pausing the video here. This is Neal again, because I don't need to record the pitch of Ignite. I'm already in Driven, so I will let you know when it is ready to record again.
Okay, I have forwarded the video to... Right at two hours in the video, and we'll resume the recording here.
Neal McSpadden | 39:09
This is more... Hey, want to build a business? I'd going to know how to operate it, and this is how to do it. Then I'm sure they'll have resources.
If you get stuck with anything at all... Does that make sense? Yes. So there's no... You would design it for us. We have to do it and take the course and follow along. Yes, this is not a one-on-one mentorship. This mentorship is Perry showing you the exact steps.
But if you're on the call this morning or even yesterday after the session, you'll see that Perry was able to build on less than five minutes. So if you're flying, you should be able to do it yourself.
Okay. So one question that is joining the programs that are offering right now with Ignite is all of the materials that come within all the other services. But really, we could take the videos from the past three days if we just wanted to follow along and build one ourselves. Awesome.
Yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, in the trouble getting to the support, it depends on what level that you have for your admission. So if you're a general admission attendee, which is the $97, then you'll get access to the replays through mid-next week. We do another session on Tuesday for support and handholding, and then that will expire.
So then we have the full stack, which is the IP session on Monday where PayPal goes deep. Julius and Russell either two to answer anything you want. They literally will make sure that you have everything you need to move forward in whatever your directory is at that level.
Then they get access to all the replays and perpetuity, which means indefinitely into a permanent members portal and then master members. You're joining today, and we're a bunch of people on our side. You'll have access to the support and the handholding forever. We do it weekly. We have four hours of TED support every single week with office hours. We have lots of other trainings and access to the team, so I hope that makes sense. Yes, and that's how people wanted to the IP. Is that an option now?
Still, yes, it is. If you are not interested in joining Night but you would like to join the IP, which is an additional two buses, then we can drop a link. I'd not sure if it's on at the moment, but I will drop it as soon as I can grab it.
Then I'm going to be able to join the IP session on Monday as well as have the replace indefinitely. Honestly, I'm going to do it. I just want to know what that is. Always what they might have done for you is where you pay somebody to do something more than just... I'd be showing you how to do it and answer questions.
That's why I'm going to be clear. Yeah, absolutely, and you're welcome to message me. Tricia Russell on... If it's after the call, I can drop my email address that you can message any time about anything that comes to that. Masterman Awes, thank you.
All right, I'm back in. So if we want to take questions about monetization, I can... Another bunch of questions. I want to eat up all our time so I can leave a few minutes early. If anybody has questions, particularly about monetization or what we covered in the session, I'm happy to take those. Now, by the way, thanks a lot for all you guys are new members. We've got... They're sending me listen lists and David and Cyrus... So soon if it is David and Marjie Scot Tricia is much more... I'm going to try to... You guys as we move along. Thank you so much for being here.
By the way, if you're a bigger business and you're already doing $10,000 more a month and you want to be in another level of master with two more levels with the velocity master with $10,000 to $50,000 a month and we have a night mastermind over $50,000 a month if your business grows over $50,000 a month.
If you want to know about those, you can ask Angie in the chat or you can go to workwithpay.com. It's workwithpay.com. Form. If you're in velocity or driven, you get Ignite. So Ignite is all the stuff that you come tonight for the membership... Your driven membership members... Any right now, let's finish the training and get you guys everything you need to make money.
That's good. So I just want to... People who have their hands up. So if you have a question about tonight, you can probably ask me throughout this whole training. I'm going to be on forever with Perry during the happy hour or two.
So I will be happy to answer any questions that you need about tonight or the six weeks sprint. Okay, thank you. And don't... If you don't join nicely, fine people don't mean it's for most people.
A lot of people do things for entertainment, learn something or whatever, but the people who are serious about business, it's a great place to speak. Do you have a question, dear? You're the first one up on my screen. It's Carra. We just got her, so... Now it's Ana.
Okay, cool. Hey, so I had a direct question to others associations on supertoke. I will have a question maybe related, but I'll ask it. But to pay back, I will tell everyone jointn is the best value you'll get for this money.
It's insane. We are going to talk about that because that's... I'd... Rank climber is done, so I made a mistake. I've done what Russell tells everybody not to do. I'd just keep adding more and more features to it.
It's really good. I'll do my very best to get out to you Monday. Okay? So I had to work. I'd just ready to go and I'll be... Yeah, it'll be beta and it may have a bug in it, but I really did go through...
I've rebuilt it three times now from scratch because that's one that I don't know Russell could have built, and he's much better at building than I am. I wish you could scream up the... You built it. I would be technically better than I do. I understand SE Conventions software our committee that it's a driven SEO expert. You put in any WordPress site and automatically as every post, every word, rewrite post, cross links, structures, and does everything an SEO expert would do inside any website. We're going to sell it eventually, but that's one of the things that I think we didn't talk about the night too. Everything I bring out, no matter what, I'm screwed now because I can't sell anything. Everything I bring out as... So as I get away as soon as I make something new, so...
But everything that I make goes to 90%, and we got a lot of software built up right now for you guys. Russell built some great stuff. They're going to be releasing a couple of things this week because we got software.
But we're giving software as software killing software. So we're releasing software. It's not working Shopify sites yet it's working in my Shopify site we buged it in but we have approved from Shopify but actually we're working we have to approve Shopify doing it.
Okay, Robert, thanks. Thank you, Robert. I'm sorry the question was answered by the pre-school. Thank you. I'm sorry that was a question that the Anderson we will have for another day. We don't mind it is a deal I'd trying to answer if I can. No, it was really... I know you want to over earlier the method which is very simple follow and if you uploaded or Russell helped with you know gets in and it was really just a matter of finding out if using the when it Russell gave us if that's going to be in our record accounts now going forward.
Yeah, absolutely. We don't want to take anything away from you or anything. It's not something that's going to go away from you. If we get it to you, we will too. You want it so we don't take anything away from you.
Moving forward, like I said, as buildings, the dummy method is much better than Russell's method, which is much better than the super high-level large-scale LLM method. So they're all three different methods building you can choose on... Thank you, Howard. There we last called for Howard. All right, what kind of Howard do we need to Anthony? Yeah, I can hear you, yes.
So this is a bit as a varying question, but I'd just be curious about everything this time. You know, in the past, you Google something and you would choose a method link and you'd up in a directory, right in whatever you're looking for.
Yeah, in present day, you talk to ChatGPT itself. It's a directory of everything and you get options. You make a decision and to leave ChatGPT. So I'm just curious, what does that mean for the future of directories in your view? I think it means that Anthropic, by the way, directories are much more favorable directly content much more favorable.
Because if you think about it, if you're opening your eyes and you got to parse the long narrative post trying to figure out what somebody's talking about or you just get clean schema. We're talking about this in traffic.
If you get clean schema data that answers the customer's question, they're going to digest that a lot better, a lot easier and really not a lot cheaper because it takes... When we've already seen a lot of cases like Blockchain, they're actually reading down the page about 20%.
Beyond that, I'd really not get that much out of video because it can't... The cost to parse all that data. You see so many sites where people talk longer in this blog. You talk longer to deliver the robotator. The NA AO hates that, it actually hates it, and it has no way to score.
So they're total methodology. Google scores the page how long somebody's engaged with the page and how that's how they judge its usefulness, right? AI doesn't do that. They judge their people that content based on two things: e's and digestibility and citations.
Right? So how referenced is your property as an expert on a thing? Well, if you block, you have to block post. I'd director of 10,000 pages. I'm going to be more authoritative. So the word on the street is nobody really knows because... Sam's calling me up to boys don't...
But generally speaking, it's pretty well known that they're digesting direct traffic now. Right now, directly traffic is about the only traffic that's on the internet now traffic, shaiter and directory traffic up, right?
Yeah, so that makes a lot of sense, I guess. What I'm asking though, is in a world where you don't necessarily leave ChatGPT and actually go to the directory, but you know it is pulling information from these directories, what difference is that going to make going forward?
In terms of wrapping, I guess because if you aren't actually going to the sites, yeah, I don't know. They're generally speaking referencing a site for you to go to. They're generally not always, but they're generally referencing where it came from.
I don't think... Here's a little thing that nobody would leave. Search blog traffic is down, depending on who you ask, 25 to 50%. But you know what was crazy the other day that I read? It's just nuts. In Google's Alphabet's quarterly report, search at Google was up 21% last year, so search is actually up... Wagging Sam, what that tell you? The people are going somewhere. Someone got an answer right? The top from the AI but now joying at the top, there are three results. AI those three results are... Most of the time they're stupid results in the... Yeah, I answer the... From Toto's sites are getting on track. We're one in certain cases.
So we're starting a while. Traffic's... Traffic is way higher converting traffic than traffic from the places in citations are currency. So you care... You want them to find you, you don't really care if they find you so much you care if they find your advertisers and your listings, right? Let me... [Laughter] Yeah, okay, so that's right by you. I'd... Outside is on... Thank you for not putting your...
Yeah, nobody wants to see a half-naked Canadian. You guys are far too pale. All right, thanks, appreciate it. Kevin, we're going to stop and stay, and we're going to go with the rest of... We click a lot of people like we'll go to three thirty and then we'll be... As you may or may not know, I joined BIGIGNITE back in January.
Yeah. And I'm one of the few that pay monthly. I heard you just a while ago say that you no longer sell it monthly. So I just wanted to see if there was an opportunity. We don't have to... You came in monthly... We're going to change if you want to... Dan, you're really on screen. The over came out. I didn't think you would, but I wanted...
We don't have to do this with a zoom call, but I wanted to convert to annual, so yeah, just it... So'll take care of you if you want to just message. I'll take care of it right now for you. I'll try to tell you what your name I'd trying to get Kevin. Kevin, I'd going to come from memo do right now whose voice say is that you?
It is. Thank you so much for burthing me. Jas [Laughter] appreciate... Thank you, Dan for you this test for somebody that want to go... Ann you'll see the room. Jas do for 3212. Stacy, actually, we got David Bells next. Hi, how you doing, sir? Great. I'd moving past this, but I really like the shortcut that you showed earlier, but in my particular chosen niche, I think it needs to be more very comprehensive to compete.
I mean, the parking... Yeah, and you want to simplify that manual process, that's... You're going to be a little more challenging, probably, but you can probably budp the same way that I did. You're just going to have a hard time ferreting out the information.
But you might find there may be APS out there already. It's crazy when I go to a lot of times I know there's no EPIIS or a data for this. It almost always is. I mean, it's shocking how many people are compiling data right now. I wouldn't doubt that there is... I don't doubt that there is a debate that you canly with. I wouldn't jump off unless you just have a lot of money. You want to do it and jump and spend much money and try to do the hard way. I would develop an NBP to call an AMAB product and get something in the market and see if the dogs... See if the dogs want it right? Sometimes I've got this saying, "Are you selling what you want to sell or you selling what they want to buy?"
Sometimes we get an idea head. We don't see the idea of the world, but the only things to buy it up, right? So you're really better off launching a product if you can get interested and then you can decide to do much more.
Unless you just want to go for... I mean, for me, I'd be an idiot, and I've got lots of money, so I can call it Julius and say, "Hey, put the whole team on this." I need to watch in tens and I want to bed and crazy.
I can deploy capital into it and spend $200,000-300,000. Thousands of dollars of data. So I'd have to buy... I'd be jumping out of that, but it's an established multi-daily market. I don't do it.
So it really... Personally, frankly, there are directors in this niche like Tark Paths, but there you're not user-friendly. So we're going to get to that. What do you see? We want to show you a minute because here's what you can do. You can scrape their site.
So let's say there are other computers in space you can scrape to scrape their sites, plan in all raw data and enhance everybody's data and make it much more usable and much more friendly. Database. So we're talking about traffic.
Can I do that with the simplified method you... Yes, okay, thank you, Stacy. Okay, so the best strategy tonight for spring, starting this six weeks for Juli is if I'm lucky to get help. It's the best way to do this weekend to get the roll running as much as I can and then learn the next weeks to get better. What do you do that? Why do homework wise this week if you're going to be a sprint? For you guys, I'd be working on data sourcing. This week I'd be in Amplify funding data. I'd be in the public IPI finding data, the government. There's data.gov. Data.gov is the US government's data source and every state has one.
It's usually Texas data or something like that. Every state has one. So you people government data you can be scraping or finding you have to scraping it. Don't strip me yet because you're like "I don't you go scrape stuff and spend that money." It might be a really cheap way to do it you follow.
So there's a cycle outscraper that's awesome. You can basically put anything in it and go Stripe this and you can stripe data any site, but you can't use that data as it sets. You've got to pull that data in. Then you have to can that data and you can resell that data. I read that data does that make sense? Yep, thank you very much.
But just find your sources this week be your best piece and you can really talk to that guy agent about the potential of your niche. I would say, no matter what, if you've got one niche in mind, ask about three just to make sure that you're at least three so that you're making sure that you're talking about risk a lot of time, right? I'm a big believer in taking risks, but I'd calculated risks.
So when we're talking to that GPT about whether what you're doing is as lucrative to you as something else would be... Okay, perfect. Meet you. Thanks, Stacey. Appreciate your trip. What's up? Well, first I want to get to the happy hour. [Laughter] See, every time it's exactly going over your monetization you gave us. I don't know how many different avenues... How do you decide which one to do first? You have a method that you would deploy.
Yeah, which will follow up on this, you can continue. Do you just go with one avenue and follow that through? If you do that, how do you create a full strategy and say, "Okay, this isn't working, I need it for something else?" Or do you do a bunch of different ones? How much time are you doing either one? Is it a bunch of them to say, "Okay, I have to make... Yeah, I might... Any priority on that."
It depends on the niches, right? Nations are going to favor different organization strategies better than others. But generally speaking, the lead generation path is the closest and the shortest path of money. Or the done-for-you services path. Those are the two that are the shortest path of money, but they are probably the two that require a little bit more effort than the others.
So it really just depends. I mean, if you're... I hate to use it... It depends. It's a... Answer, but it's true there's 17. I said I 19. I think the three ads on the end of the newsletter are a no-brainer, and you should start the newsletter from day one. We're going to talk about that because that's a no-brainer for you.
But the others are a little bit of a choice. If you're on later tonight, I'd probably call off the questions after CS is all right. Yes, and then we'll pick up some answers as you want to get through traffic train. I don't ever get questions for much longer without getting traffic. I'll come back again and answer questions for everybody.
So what's your question, sir? Thanks for the question. My question is about... So after the build and what's ready and it goes live to launch, it is the growth. But to what extent do we throw out there and see what happens and how much do we have to do to push things to get traffic? Question. A question.
So it directs automatically grow faster than others, etc., just because they have... This is a big foot because you got a footprint, you're putting down 1000, 2000, 5000, 10000 pages on the web. So it's like, "You go fishing, you're seeing fish."
Yeah. So if you go out on a pier. I love the pier people fishing on. You see those men out there, they go every day to fish on the pier. You never see one out with fishing on. They got nine fishing rods, they're all... There are a lot of fishing rods in the water.
That's what you're doing. You're doing a lot of fishing poles in the water, and the thing is a lot of those poles are going to catch fish, and that's okay because enough fish in the buckets up fish, right? You have to... It to cat food make fish.
So that's what you're doing. So they're only going to go faster. But what's important, and we're talking about this traffic, is that it be a useful resource. It's super important for that because what you can do, you get distribution, right?
If it's a really useful resource like... That actually... Right? The seeds are on Facebook more than 500,000 us like 30. If I go in and say, "I built this thing, it's totally free to you. What do you think about it?" Mysteries. Have you guys used this yet?
As long as there's no option in it and there's no nothing being sold in it, the seeds are going to allow it. So we have 10,000 users in less than 30 days. Okay? Then once I'm...
You're taking the girl and you take the on the date you take a couple of days before you sleep, that's on you a popcorn center, you go toy popcorn. You know what? You're no wonder you're not getting...
I'll tell you all right, my name is almost sex, it should be... You should be doing better than that. You see relations one letter away. Yeah, how much you pay for it though, Barry? Yeah, all right. I'd like James' question. She said a question and I'll take Jas's... We'll go on. Can you help me
narrow down which directory I should pick? That is going to be the best path to cash flow. Yeah, let's talk about it in five hours, okay?
Yeah, that's right. That's what's there for... So we're to open up stuff and we're talking about your things individually. It's a lot of people spend time... Okay, what do you got to do? I'd go ahead, I'd go over to here and...
Okay, so, you can't see my screen yet, let me get you where you can, okay? I never turned off... As long as it's... Yeah, my brain... It's a million dollars that's okay. Cramp. Okay, can you see traffic as...? Yes, awesome so far. Here's what we've done so far. You stood the idea of directory, why it's so important to the marketplace, you've learned how to build a directory, and honestly, the same thing even the stuff you Julie just talked about.
If you don't understand something and you want to do it, go ask the tool that gave you... If you clear that when you go back to the recordings, you should have that duty to open to the right-hand side and watch the recordings over here. You can ask any of your fines you're going to get. You get great answers. Probably better answers you get, you know your life... We're rushing and that's Russ's go-to do one.
So okay, so getting traffic. So there are a number of ways to get traffic that fall into six big buckets. Optimizing for search, getting people to share what you're doing, making it mobile fast, making it mobile-first fast, easy to use. If you notice all the directories I built,
that's one of the big benefits of RET Red is mobile-friendly out of the box. You don't do anything to make it more friendly. It's just awesome from that perspective. You want freshness of content. So that's the beautiful part of the blog, as everybody knows who's had a blog before, right? We bring the chat only Bing side blog.
Okay, what happens when you stop blogging? It dies, right? That's because Google and AI reward freshness, they reward new stuff. So, blog post. If you're getting data that's hitting your site every day through your APIs, through your data fees, you can have crazy reactions.
If you don't understand how Google does this, ask Google. The searches do the same way I do. Google is going to call your website every now and then if your site hasn't changed since the last time it crawled. This is a lot of people don't know, but SEO people know it.
So if Google hits your site once and a month later it hits it again, and if nothing has changed, it might not crawl it again for two months. But if it hits it once and it hits a month later and it's changed, then it may crawl it in two weeks.
In two weeks, if it's changed, it goes, "We'd better call it more often." So they call it one week. I've got some sites of mine called 15-20 times a day because they're very active. It's one of the reasons that sites like Facebook and Wikipedia
rank so high. It's mostly because of freshness. Does that make sense? So okay, so, yeah, and a lot of people don't want to get listed, right?
That's the directories industry list. We're other people say data. I don't show you exactly how that and I'm sure how to traffic in the leads. These are the tens they're going to be covering. We're going to do a series of bunch of steps you're going to stay with.
It's going to be fairly fast, all right? It's very different. Everybody's trying, in most cases, to make their homepage rank. They want to be... I say this all the time, if you go right now to homerecipes.com, if you're on home recipes on Google, I'm number one.
I think for home recipes, it's a big search term. If you go to search "homesteading" right now, I'm number one. If you start sewing, I'd probably be number two or three, maybe number one. All of our sites... It's a brand metric, though, that used to be super important.
It doesn't matter very much today because the amount of people on your homepage doesn't matter that much. The amount of people hitting your primary search term, like sewing, right?
If you talk about the word "sewing," yes, I rank in the top few on sewing right, but I need to rank for "how to sew" a zipper on a corduroy jacket, right? That's what we need to rank for nowadays, and you know why? Because that device you see the right, the voice AI, is a giant deal AI and voice AI both... The way we search things is very different than the way we search things in a search engine.
It's all about long tail now, thousands of little researchers, right? Long tail. That's where all the traffic is coming from. It's not coming from sewing, it's not coming from homemade recipes, it's coming from "give me a homey meal recipe that doesn't include coral."
It's coming from stuff like that. Normal blog sites just can't splinter out that well. Somebody's long tail investment is 100%. People that ask for a very specific thing that delivers a very specific answer tend to buy more, tend to take more action.
So I call it the Haysta method. I don't have a better term for it, but you want a thousand, you want an element in a haystack. You want a thousand elements in a haystack, and that's really secret. And you can not worry too much about your main term.
Here's what's going to happen because of the internal link. I'm going to talk about it for a minute. All those 10,000 little long-tail searches you may be hitting all give you the ability to point that traffic and that link back to something else that you want to go to, like a money page, so to speak. We call it... So they may be hitting your site about
how to make a great deal of recipes that don't have a formula. Then it might be able to send them when you've got them there. You may be directing them back to your Southern cookbook page where you get paid in Southern cookbook, right?
So you have the ability to do that method. That's one of the core methods. That's a method, it's a core to what we do. You really need to think about when you're setting up this how it's going to answer questions to where you're using phraseology that's very popular in search, especially voice search.
The best overall blank, the best value blank, the best for a specific need blank, right? Best Budget Blank, Best Premium Blank, Best for this sticker use blank, Best design blank. So you don't want to include these things in your category builds. Your category builds in all school blogs are all subject matter related. This is more of a question-matter related because what you're trying to find right now are unanswered questions.
That's really what you want to do, since you're able to programmatically build these pages. Wait, you don't carry a page? Build? How you build them, they can get built. Yeah. You just have to tell it what information to pull.
So you want to pull information that people are looking for, they're looking for KE features, pricing, pros and cons, specific details. They're looking for reviews and ratings. We're going to do that because we're going to do that with all the we do that with us generating content they're looking for. As for weird, splintered little weird questions, right?
Most people writing a paragraph in the chat about what they want, they're not saying "hitting chat." They're asking a very specific question, and whoever answers it first wins, right?
You quoted everywhere. You get links back to that. They'll totally work for you. The second thing that's making directories, whether you use my method directly or this... This is where Russell and Julius definitely win over my method. Now, my method is going to... I just automated CO earlier you saw to do that. It works well, but what really works is what's called really highly structured data.
Both Julius and Russell's methods structure the data better than my method does. So... It's especially true. It's true for Google, but it's especially true for AI they... What schema is or structured data means that you take all the information out of a long, stupid blog post and you read it like this whiteboard example. Here we've got... What's the context, what's the type, what's the address, what's the postal code, what's the average rating?
Yeah, if you follow... So you can do stuff like we do on this one site, right? It's really awesome. So we're taking one review from twenty other sites and we're pumping into one of our directories on wine and we're pulling the average rating across a bunch of other sites as our wine rating.
Well, I came up with that idea because it's so true with political polls. Nobody pays attention to the political polls anymore. They pay attention to polls of polls. So you don't have to do the polling work. You let them do all polling work and you just pull the results. Same with reviews. You've got bunch of SS you can pull all those reviews in a system and get an average review of over 3000 reviews here on 19 sites. Here is the average review for this product.
That's pretty powerful, right? That's all doable. Just through rules that you set up, and that's what they want. Everybody wants a table structure that's going to be set up tomorrow. You're gonna show up a lot faster because they're gonna be to understand structure data.
But unstructured, untructured data is telling a story with lessons in it. It's unstructured data. It's very hard for AI to read those stories. Google can't read them either. But Google depends on... They know how long you're on the page and all that through Google Chrome.
So they got a lot of insight. You tell them what's useful to you based on how long you stay there and how you interact with content. AI doesn't have the ability to see that, only Google does.
So they're ranking with completely different rankings. Changing algorithms make sense. Everybody... I was losing about that. Anybody in the chat want to tell me if that made sense? You're getting tired telling... I think everybody's... Good though it makes a lot of sense, I think.
Okay. It's coming together for people. Okay? CO, this is one of the things that's really big for your trust. You need to start taking links to when you get answers to things, you need to take those answers and go answer questions with them. On Reddit, on Wikipedia, on established news sites, on review blogs. Somebody asked a question on Reddit. "Hey, does anybody know if someone's at 8 PM and awesome it if you can drop a link to that restaurant listing in your directory in that Reddit question?" Guess what? Now your directory's just been cited by Reddit. Same's true with Wikipedia. Same's true with any established news site. Same's true with any review hub you can go to, yell or... Any of those and in a comment. Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, any of those and in a comment.
Yeah, you guys got right, the RICO got that right. That's a big deal so your directory gets cited, you just send straight to that result page. Here's the... That restaurant awesome. I found this on the web click and now it goes to restaurant opening.com.
It's not yours and now you're cited, right? You're cited and you're cited by other... What directories? Right? So all... You're important. The more that's a manual thing you can do, but you can set up agents.
Ema Rainelle, who's on here right now... I got a black craft to one of the best agent builders around, her business partner Mitch, and she and he are awesome at building agents that go out in the middle of the night and do things for you.
We show you a lot of that too. We show you a lot at night, and I and Mitch both at night all the time teaching. They're people, but this is a great way for you to get... It's called a trusted Cora, right?
So it's like they want to know that other people trust you. If you're not selling anything and you're not on a commercial license, then they're not worried about sending traffic your way.
Okay, the next thing is a friendly crawl path. So directories again, why do you know? Why are dictionaries popular? Why are encyclopedias popular? For too long, the information was very well organized.
You can go to the bet and look at the word you're looking for. It's going to be there alphabetically. It's easy to find itslopias. You're going to look up the index, you can find it in the index as 17.
Well, good directories work the same way. The data is structured in a really smart way. Does anybody know the Google mission statement? What is Google's mission statement? Anybody type in the chat, organizing the world's information. Yes, organizing the world's information.
So if you give them great organization, go Google, and there's a thing you put in your directory that is not in mind. By the way, I built this one. I can add it manually, but if you use Russell, I'm sure that's there.
It's called l lms.text file, and it's like a site map for large language models. So they can better... Yeah, they don't... But that file is like a sitemap. You used to have sitemaps in search. This is dot ted.
If you've got one file, your ads are being picked up by AI or... But a hundred times a day, it builds that into the directory, and then that file is on every single page along with something that I put on mine called voice schema.
So there's a little file called voice schema file that nobody sees, but it's the thing that tells Alexa what to say. When you ask Alexa a question, it's a boy's... Thank you, Alexa. She just... Anytime, but that's a big deal. You all directories... Good directories are structured with H1, H2, H3 questions and answers in examples and data. No fluff, no stories, no opinions. AI hates opinions. AI wants facts, right? A voice schema, a CMA, yeah, and you can make it super clear like you saw the things that we built earlier. All categories are right on the front page, easy to navigate to, so let's get digested really quickly. Models.
Yeah. If you build this right... This is why getting your structure is so important. So important because if you build this right, everything builds perfectly over a long time. If you don't get that first... If you know that structure is right, the structure is right, you're building a shaky foundation, and you'll still get the results, chances are, but you won't get the ultimate result you could get.
That's the reason I really do it my way. If you like to get you started, I want to get you sequenced. But honestly, the way that Rustle shows you to build... The way that shows a build is far superior. The way I did it... To be frank with you, I do it's like I love life. I do everything quickly and not so great, but at least I get it done right. One of us is heavy.
All right, so that's a big deal. Freshness as a citation weapon. It is painfully important to tell on this earlier. Freshness is not as nice to have. This is your big competitive advantage. If you've got fresh, you come into your side every day. There's nobody else in the... Can really pay you.
Here's the thing. I would say in 90% of niches there are no directories, and if there are any, they're really poorly put together. So a good directory niche is using big giant categories because it used to cost a million dollars to build.
So the idea now is taking that million-dollar build down to a weekend, doing all the eye and attacking all these nations down there and isn't killing everybody else in the nation. Anyway, but you know what's crazy? After you kill him, it's got to kiss your...
But because they're going to be listed in your directory, it's awesome the way it is awesome because your competition's going to want to be in your directory, which is hilarious because they need... They need the citations, they need the traffic, they need the acceptance. This is a really good site map.
So you were talking about earlier, almost everyone site has a site map. I think Jones about the truckings, they have a site map on our web site. That site map links every page on our site. You can pull those site maps down, run them through... You can go on HS or web lot times, just pull straight to the web site and you run that back through AI and you're going to parse out of those.
If you've got, let's say, Site A has 500 parking spaces and Site B has 300 and Site C has 100 and they overlap, you can tell AI to take all three of these in, take all the duplicates, make a list, and put it in a spreadsheet. For me now it's a spreadsheet. One of the top ten questions people are asking about parking places for trucks. Now answer all ten of those questions for each of these parking places and then take that data and build it over into my directory and make it user-friendly. Structured well, easy to digest by search engines, by large language models, and most importantly, by humans.
Watch it'll just explode. It does kind of on its own but you can see the sitemaps. It's an easy way to pull this in. Here's the thing I showed you something I don't want to be confused about. I showed you earlier how to pull in one data source and build a directory. You really shouldn't want to do that. The best directories are pulling in multiple data sources and putting that data in certain blocks.
You know, like I showed you guys with Zillo the other day there's a block on that page. That's what I'm going to teach you and I've got to rush teaching on this and how to map the page so you can map that page where over here's what we want to say. Here's how you say and we're bringing data from different trusted sources that some of it's fresh, some of it's not fresh, but it's coming from different sources.
It's very useful to people like as is a sudden you become crazy popular reason the ads be the Zillo something it really matters to be az gap mind. So every query where there's eight TE positions. So you should look at all the keywords. You be looking up for your stuff and go to answerthepublic.com.
It's a great little tool. You can use it for free for your nation one day. You can use it for free or medium two and it'll answer every question that someone's asking in your niche. At least the main questions, right? Most people do not take the time to answer the really long tail questions. There's because you write blog post about it's pain in the.
But if you have a page dedicated to every question in your niche in addition to your organized data, you're automatically way ahead because you're page that those pages you're as page you can publish it and optimize them and you just going to repeat run and you're constantly looking for new subjects. One of the feeds that I get every day for most of my stuff is what did somebody say yesterday? On X or on Red?
Because there are brand-new questions being asked all the time, and those questions are going to spur more questions, right? So I think that getting all of this data pulled in from different sections, the freshest of the fresh from what was said yesterday...
You can set up the word pull every hour. You can have it... I actually have Scraper, you don't want it, but they'll... Every hour, right? See what people talk about, the fresher your content. Every time people come back and look at you or I call you to see what you got. The fresher your content, the more they're going to recount you. Does that make sense? This is a big one. Making sure that you have posts on your site and comparisons. There are a couple of sites that do this. G2 does it with software. There are other people who do it, but they want people to love to see comparisons, and this is structured data. It can be done really easily with AI where you allow people... You just have a button that says "Compare this to other competitors in space."
If you got competitors in the space, they're going to pull up on tables and compare them. People love content. How many times have you done that before? People ask all the time, "Alternatives to this versus that." People do this all the time, especially in AI, so if you can be the first to be the answer, you win that game. People really want these comparisons, and all these features can add to your directory. You don't have to do this on day one. You're going to build a core directory, and you can start adding these different types of posts and these different types of features. The reason we get six weeks is that we're trying to figure out what we're going to do when we're building our own internal stuff. We're gonna go back to that same mentor GT gave it.
Okay? We've done a B what MOS what traffic method should we use next, what monetization method should be used next. And what's great about that same you can do you can take your traffic data. I didn't, you guys. This. You can take your traffic data that comes in on Google Linux and dump it in to the directory Mentor and Directory Mentor will tell you what to play next, what monetization to play next. What's working and it's not working.
It's going to analyze that we want to say it for you're going to have to read it all. You do it all and you don't want to do next to the coach. Does that make sense? Everybody is that pretty cool, super cool, very super cool.
Yeah, a key differences features, the pros and cons, the best. Just learn this vocabulary, because this is the way people are searching now. They're searching differently than they used to, and really, what's crazy? What's crazy? I used to. I used to own part of a company, was an astrology space. Only a low piece of 20%.
And we didn't make much money in that business selling our astrological charts and things we did, but we did a lot of. We sold leads to the telephone psyche people to the people that are, you know, the co phone lines and like.
And it was amazing. To me, it was either 3700 5700, remember. But the average person who called a cycle line twice ended up spending three or $4000 a year on psychic lines. And here's why decision fatigue. People don't make decisions. They want to call the psychic. They literally told us they get calls. Hey, I'm at the grocery store right now and I don't know what to do. This is 02:99 a minute, Mindy. I got the kids co pebs, 40 pebs, I don't know which one and it's likely to picks definitely thirty bucks. Thank you so much. Three bucks, right? They would make every decision in their life based on that. People hate making decisions.
What's happening right now, as silly as that sounds, is the new psychic line is ChatGPT. It makes decisions for you, and you think you trust that it's really vetted that decision. It hasn't always really vetted that decision.
It is pulling data from the best source it could pull data from because that data source was better engineered than the other data source and more trusted, right? So if you want to be in that trusted stack, this is what you've got to do. Here's an Excel self-writing newsletter.
So you've got new listenings, recent movers, and new stories. It's so easy to set up a ChatGPT agent, a cloud agent, or anything else you're using as an agent to go out and look at what happened directly. What was the news on your director yesterday? What happened? New and right, we can't see your slides. Who are we? Is that true? No, we're seeing your slides vary.
Okay, so we can't see your slides. They're coming in fine. Very... They just need to move their own stuff around. Okay? By the way, is my slide game on point or is my slide game on point? If you've ever seen bad slides, the best slides ever. I promise on the AP, you've got these slides for those of you who don't. You're welcome to the dance.
Okay, yeah, so you've got this freshest content in the world coming in, you got all rightslet, and right now, guess what, people are not wanting the newsletters. Guess what, they're not wanting... Opinion, the highest newsletters in the world right now are called the R newsletters. They're wanting newsletters that just show them what's new and what's happening in a one-sentence tweet. Five or six of those so they can keep up with the big headlines of the day.
That's what people are really wanting, right? So you can have... You can have an agent auto-build your newsletter go every day. You don't have to think about it. You get auto-build in the directory newsletter go out and you can as well. What's crazy? Most people as SA is if I own a news you newer I can say, "Hey, I'll email your directory to my people."
If you'll email your directory, I'll email to your people. If you email to mine, if you show yours, I'll show you mine. I'd just be ready to show you mine whether you show yours, not skin. But seriously, it's a great way to everybody, the audience.
This happens every single day, any sort of meeting every day. But the difference is you're bringing in four more subscribers than they are. So when somebody's got 5,000 subscribers, you've got 20,000 subscribers, they have to mail for you four times for you, every time you mail for them once.
That's the way that it works. Who are you? Lucy? Okay, no, I'd much rather be blessed. Okay, the news. Jackan, this is a huge one, right? When you've got news, one of the easiest feeds of data you can possibly get are news feeds.
Some of you guys are going to be like, "Well, some of you guys are like, I'm not, I'd pat, I don't anymore. I'm going to stock already." They'll bring me more coffee. I'd go to wine... He needs wine, not yet. I have to get your work first before I start drinking. I want to bring some wine and fall on the desk. Shut up.
All right, in a bit, thanks. Okay, news checking. So breaking news blows your numbers up if you become a breaking news source and people understand why this is true. So here's what's true. It's true in every media.
For instance, right now, anybody watching the show "The Newsroom," have you watched that show? Anybody put "The Newsroom" in the chat? You have to go watch. It's really great. I think it's really good, but anyway, it shows the inner workings of a major news organization.
When something happens in the world, the first thing they do is get on the phone and they start calling the role experts right in the world. They know about that thing. They go on and again on shows
because they can't want to get that story. Well, all these organizations online, Google News, all of them, even social media channels, they're going to go to their most trusted experts when something happens.
So if you're a volcano directory and a volcano erupts in Hawaii, you know, and you have volcano data that's up-to-date, they're going to show your data that they're going to be all over showing your stuff really quickly. Where the blogger has to get up in the morning, figure out the news, figure out the angle, write the story by the time the blogger the story on the news already over, right?
But you can pull in RSS feeds and data feeds. Every major news organization has them. Every trade association just about has them. And you look like on the potato farming business, there's a lot of news. There's a trade magazine somewhere for potato farmers, and they're putting news in their newsletter.
It's probably fifty of them. You subscribe to all of them. You have the Google Alerts and Google Alerts goes in and sends all those stories and all those emails directly to your agents and agents. Parse it and post it.
It's like the coolest business ever. It takes a bit to set up. There's no doubt. I'd bash it. Anyway, it takes a bit to set up once you set up mid-year Jason. I love smart guys in my life. He calls these self-milking cows, right? Self-milking cows.
So it's a little hard work in the front, but then you can be gone for three months on an AF party somewhere and it doesn't stop. Make money, right? It transforms everything about who you are as a business person.
Right now, most people on the grind are making videos, writing blog posts, and doing that on Facebook, answering every question. I'll let you tell me as guys have been doing this for a long time. Kick your ass, you've been brown out. Yeah, Jackson as Chas WSPERS Brillion billion billion man. A brilliant man.
But I love this business for so many reasons. It's a simple machine. You're building an asset you're billing. You're building as that makes money but sells someday. You're building a machine that works and really take advantage of AI data than anything that I've ever seen. To take advantage of AI data. To handle this stuff manually.
So that you can have a life, man. So you can sleep till noon on a Saturday if you want to, without having to get up and deal with people like that. You don't have to do any of those things.
You'd be proud of what you're doing because there's nothing easy about it, there's nothing slimmy about it. You can be really proud of it. It's honest, it's good, it's honest, it helps people, and it helps you and everybody wins, so I'm a giant fan of it.
I got to ask them to do something for you real quick. Hey, Bab, she's... I'll go ahead. So, newscking is everything getting those news feeds, press releases, and your industry if you're a BB is putting a hundred press releases as you subscribe to press releases. You got all the press releases, post ones are good, you posts aren't... You got to be weather-wise to do anything. There's all the data fees I gave you. There's public data for all this stuff. There's way more data coming out every day. You can even parse YouTube and find the bestest new videos that are coming out about your subject and post those videos to your right if you want. You can post three new videos. It comes out this new... There's SSD coming from YouTube. You just... Straightening directly, it happens automatically. You're starting to feel a little bit... I hope so, because it really sounds like it's too easy, but it really is easy, but it's hard in the front, easy in the back.
That's what she said. Yeah, exactly right. All right, you like the opposite. Okay, so this is a beautiful park. Every listing is a distribution node, right? So somebody gets listed. People list you in your marketing directory.
If you ask them to do it, you tell them exactly how to do it, and you help them. They're going to send people back to their listings. You wouldn't believe how many people are driving traffic. Not to their website, but they're doing my place on my space page or to their Yok page or to their open table page because they can drive all the links and traffic back to their own stuff they want.
It's not going to move the needle for a lot. But since direct pages have so much authority, somebody can put a few links back to a press release. They're smarter today if they get a press release, an article that interviews them. They're much better off to send the public to a directory page about them. They are to send them to the restaurant.
If you are in a restaurant, you as stars steer you to a restaurant if you want to it to the mission staring youraurant that't your restaurant, which would you rather do? The obvious is the latter, right? You definitely won't be because you're getting endorse traffic. At that point, you're going to be willing to pay a lot more money. Wait longer to graduation because it's a third party, and that's where we come to awards, right? The awards engine.
Look at how much traffic is driven to JD Power to Michelin restaurants, to any kind of ratings or review site. Plus, when you go to send somebody a message for an award, there's a thing here. It takes it one.
It's really brilliant. They called all the people in Austin and said, "We're making a list for the newspaper of the top 50 influencers in Austin, Texas." It's the top 50 influencers in Texas and social media.
So here's a link to the Statesman for people to vote. So guess what I did? I went to my 115,000 Twitter followers and said, "Hey, I'm up the top guy in Austin, please vote for me." That's 115,000 people. The Austin Statesman newspaper. I don't want to read because I want to win a stupid freaking award. People all do that, and you have the ability to do that for them and make partnerships with them after the fact.
It's crazy. You don't want one award. You want all these little awards in your niche, right? You have all these little awards, "Best website," "Best email," "Best social media," "Best pitch tech," "Best French fries," "Best tacos," "Best craft beer" you can make if you're as a restaurateur. 50 more words get away, and more words get away. Guess what they're going to do? That stick it up at their front door with your logo on the top of it. Co-branding to you, they're going to put in their ads if you let them. You guys trying to get that? Anybody understand that? The unclaimed trap. This is the big bootstrap. Every big directory does this. You always want every listening to say, "This listing is not claimed, it's business." Click here to claim this listing so they get to claim their listing. They don't like the idea most people listing. They don't like the idea of being unclaimed because it's for them, and they don't have competition claiming their listing and trash amount you wouldn't allow them to do. They don't know that, right?
So every time they do this right. Thank you, Becky. So every time they do this, they're as ant they're going to their listing, they're clearing, listening, and they're going to go in and enhance that listing.
You want to give them the ability to enhance that listing because the more they enhance it, guess what they're probably going to do right after they do that share it with everybody they can. They don't want to unclaim, they don't unclaim, and they don't have a competition to it. They're going to claim it, and you can do it if you're listing your email address like from obviously we go... You can send people 34 emails a day.
Say, "Hey, you just got listed on some directory." But no, you're claiming the list. If you're not, you're listing somebody else. You should go claim the listing now, and you've got an auto-reason to reach out to them. There's probably not going to result in spam. Then you have the Trojan horse.
So this is one of my favorite things to do. Building a directory is the start of the directory. It starts with a tool. So if you look at what I did with you, go to strecipes.org. Operating multi calculator on the home page.
That's a directory of ST recipes. I have a particular reason to want that directory because I sell ST stuff, but if there's a tool there, I can go share that ungated tool with every group that I can find in auto until everybody's using all my calculators, and I can give them calculators for free that other people are charging money for, right?
So I built a status, and this is a secret almost nobody knows. It's a writer down. Everybody got a pen ready or pencil and some watercolor paper. Google automatically prioritizes utility websites. In other words, if you have a useful tool on the home page of your website or even multiple tools embedding your website, Google will give your website priority over an equivalent website that does not have utility. You can read about it.
It's absolutely true. As much as ten times the traffic goes to utility-based sites. So if you've got a great directory and you've got a useful tool at the top of it, and if it's coming from an association on top of that, you're a winner. Chicken dinner.
It's going to be very hard to knock you out of the saddle. Right? It's going to be very hard to knock you out of the saddle. A certain question will help, but not as well as... Not as well as a useful tool. Does some people go back to over and over again? Some people go back to over and over again. This is probably the big secret that we do almost nobody else does, right? This is it.
We got a whole convention planning tool on goingonconventions.com where people play our whole conventions with our tool. Our competition charges $3000 a year for that, we're going to go for free. Do you think people are going to come back a lot? You bet they're going to come back to plan their convention. They're loved. The director, and guess what I have to cherry-pick 100000, 200000, 300000... Johnson go to... An example is go to taxsherpa.com or rest. Or you can see an example of it that's...
That's a directory layout of the tool. We did the craw path earlier. I think I had that one twice. Everything these are the tennis so I will hit it more times. Just remember, you keep it craw paths stronger, it's easier to go through, and you've got to have... This is the basics you get. Everything I showed you was cool, right?
But the most important things are these next two or three things to show you there are paramount. They want everything else that I showed you to work better, and without them, everything else I showed you worked poorly. You've got to have great programmatic SEO and schema. Schema is just the framework that data comes in.
The way that Julius and now I did ask Mike I did ask to schema and SEO my site. So it did that, but it won't do as well as the plugin that Julius has or the model that Russell gave you. They're both going to do better at the end of the day.
But this is so important that the data be incredibly well organized. Great titles. One-on-one intro answers voice schema that they call it for tools like you like 20% searching down on audio 20%. Do you think that the searches we do with audio or shorter or longer? Anybody going to answer that?
So much longer, yeah, so much longer. If you've got tables of data, they love that. They love data tables. They love the... As of now, post the bottom of listing as about you listening love that because that's that haystack that... But maybe to answer that question, it's not even worth building a page for.
But that one little question there, somebody's asking if they get a direct answer, if you notice it and go down... A lot of times you see a site, you'll have a site, and they don't have a bunch of common questions underneath it that people can click on. They love that because people are getting a specific answer that they're looking for.
But it has to meet that minimum data threshold you've got... Have information you can't... That content. If your content is too thin and you have to enhance that data, you potentially get penalized by Google, but it's hard to get penalized by Google for thin data, it really is.
But you want to have multiple data coming in from multiple sources so that when you do that, you curate a very unique experience for the user. You're not saying, "I'm taking this phone book data, and I'm getting it to you in a form that's valuable, it's usable, it makes more..."
But you've got multiple sources of data coming in, new sources, factual sources, data sources, and you're making it all together. You're getting a very unique thing. You curated something truly valuable. Does that make sense? Next, super important.
Again, your agents to do this is the stuff you need to know, though. You make sure the agents have done it, okay? There has to be incredible interlinking. So you want all these pages. Let's say you get these 10,000 pages you're able to direct with... You want all interacting. You want listing pages interacting, comparison pages interacting, and your turn pages. All these things feed one another and they crosslink one another. Where each page... If you look at one of the big secrets of Wikipedia's success, go to any Wikipedia page. Anyone, I don't care which one it is, and count how many links are going out from that Wikipedia page to another Wikipedia page.
It's 15, 20, 30, maybe more internal links going from one page to another. That's the reason Wikipedia gets sucked up by the search engine so well, because it's so well networked. This is a giant piece again. "Hey, I'm going to do all this for you, but you've got to know to ask it." You figure it out, you get it, using a tool to tell the crosslink.
That's all you have to do. Make sure that you effectively crosslink all my posts. You have to tell me I did, right? The difference between what I did... You're going to have to go back and ask it to do that when you're using Russell's piece, his tool that he gave you. He's asked all those questions in advance, right?
Right, and he's constantly updating that to make it better, right? Technically, see what's sale. This is the reason why we take six weeks to launch. We want to make sure that we're not sloppy.
If you're sloppy on a page, the website doesn't matter. If you're sloppy on a page, the website matters because that slot gets reproduced over and over again. It's really important. For instance, in a directory, a website has a sitemap, right? In a directory, you may have a hundred sitemaps. They're mapping different data a city XL category, LLO XL listing XL.
So you've got all these different sites. You don't even have to know what this is or how it works. The tools to do it for you. But you just need to make sure that you ask it to add these things. Don't do it all at once. Get your core set down and then start adding these features.
But they have to be... I don't say conical, it's a conical... What you say, but basically all it is that they're in a pipe, they're in categories, they're well organized, right? There have to be no index files if you don't want to be indexed.
So if something is... If something doesn't really fit your theme, you want to text maybe at a page that you have something that you don't necessarily Google list page you may know index you have a shopping cart order form not a form that has no real value or content to it you better know index that.
These pages have to be fast, and that's one of the beautiful things about building. It's one of the downsides outside Bing Russell's way those pages are actually faster than building websites.
However, we WordPress websites structure in a way they use it very well. You can add plugins to them like a rec climber to make them do better and all numbers get reclimber. I'm hoping to... You Monday trying to out and watch server logs. Figure out you don't have to read server logs. Server logs are as stuff.
If you take a server log, drop it into the mentor tool and say what can you tell me from a server log about how many people are surfing and searching my site and why I should do next? Is that pretty cool? Then you have a UGC engine. You really need to encourage people to comment, leave reviews, and star anything that's frictionless. Just asking to press star on a post helps you a lot. Any kind of interaction helps you a lot.
That's what Google is watching. Google is watching to see how long people are on your page, how much they interact with your page, and if there are... Q&A as you could answer on that page that would make them engage.
Look at Quora, do you know this? It's just a series of a bunch of answers. Incredibly popular website, but those reviews have a review scheme. It's a different kind of scheme. So sometimes you get two schemes to organizational methods on a single page. You may have a recipe scheme here and a review scheme, but they're right on the same page, and you got freshness, right?
So that freshness is coming in. You're probably steaming. You see how this works, you see how it all matters, right? It keeps it all clean. You're starting with some CD data, that's great. This creates the flywheel, yeah, this creates the flywheel. This is the big deal.
Lastly, and probably most important of all, email catcher from day one. The thing insists that everybody is email catcher. As for people not subscribing to us as a reason for them to do it... Because the more people subscribe to the newsletter, the more power you're going to get.
Because you can send the newsletter out, then send them back to the directory, the newsletter. Send them the newsletters out with all the snippets, send them right back to the directory, and a circular thing begins to happen.
Right? It's a software newsletter. The award announcements, the reports that come out. One of the things that's crazy, if you look at associations, almost all of them issue reports every year. Big studies. They're almost always just a survey that they sent out to their readers, and they're publishing answers in press. It might be $2,500 in some industries for that annual industry report, maybe more.
It's crazy. You have... It's hard to explain, but when you are a director, you have a certain degree of status above and beyond that of a website owner. You really have a different identity.
The craziness is for nine out of ten of these things that nobody knows who owns them. They don't have any idea. You don't have to be face-to-face if you want to take time off. If you don't interact with people for a while, you can do that. I can't.
If I have chosen life, I can't do that really. But almost all my other businesses are like manufacturing businesses, drapy businesses, and my ES businesses. I'm not the face of that thing that's this little thing that we're doing here. The things that make me the most money. I do that right? There's just so much opportunity to... You have a list and emails here. This is the only way that I know honestly in the world anymore to automatically build an email list. I don't think there's probably any other way to do it without spending a lot of money. There really isn't.
I have a Facebook radio, Ford, I have a nice day. You all day, that was me. I was just plain there's with this. All right, we're getting toward the wrap-up here, ladies and germs. What we're going to do now is take a... I'm going to take a two-minute pep break. I'm going to grab me a nice coffee. Can you pick up your phone and call me? Thank you. Yes, ma'am, I'm hoping for a coffee.
We are going to answer questions for you as long as you want to answer questions with any reason. If you haven't joined us yet for the six weeks rent and night, there's a code there that you can grab that we'd love to have you on there.
As soon as we're back, I'll be taking questions from you guys. I'll be taking questions from Angie Norris, who will be feeding me questions that she's been recording the whole time. I'm going to pull over here on my other screen before we do that so we can leave the screen. I'd be pulling up everybody's face now. I'm having a hard time.
I'll get it, I'll pull everybody's face here. Yeah, that wouldn't it go? I won't do that right now. There you go, I'd figured out how to move this stuff around on multiple screens. There we go. Look at it. I'd just... Awesome technical...
Neal McSpadden | 24:09
Alright, this is Neal again. I am pausing the video. They're switching into questions and the Ignite pit, so I'm going to skip all that. I'm not sure.
They're talking about the six-week print, which is great. There's a blank screen for a long time here, and I'm going to play some of that to see what happens. Then it goes into Russell and Emma talking, which I won. Add the recording here.
Neal McSpadden | 24:42
Source is getting ready for... We can talk about more. Okay, all right, appreciate it. Thank you. In the mix, differences over time are not performing really well. I may sell it in the middle of nowhere.
It's for some people, but not for most people to commune. They want to be in a group. They don't want to group peers. I'll tell you, people say this over and over again. So true. Tell me who five people are that you spend most of your time with, and I'll tell you. Tell me they tell me how much money they make, and I'll tell you exactly how much money you're going to make.
Plus, Claude is Photoshop, right? You can build a lot more faster and more automated with Claude than you can frankly, much more.
Neal McSpadden | 25:16
Okay, so this is Neal again. That was just Perry answering questions for about another hour or so, and he just didn't change his video settings. So, yeah, that's the end of this recording.