---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:00
That's probably the only heat. But anyway, still, $200 for publicly available information that's been sorted and organized. That's all the hell is for $220 a month. But for guys like me who need to know who's in, for what it's worth, the idea... $2,290 or $2,000 a month? $2,000 a month? Is that bizarre land or what?
So that's all you're doing is taking database information and putting an interface layer on the top of it. Now with AI, what we're able to do is take that raw information and enhance it a great deal. We're able to append it and enhance it. We'll talk about it a little bit.
So you just got to stop thinking about it as the Yellow pages. It's not just the Yellow pages. Thin lists. In fact, I'll tell you the one thing they'll get you killed in the directory business. This is what we'll talk about as we go through it. It's something called thin directories, which means you're just taking Yellow Pages and you stick in another format and calling it a directory without adding any additional information to what people want to know with the directory. It is you take a raw piece of data and you append it.
So let me give you an example. So we have... I don't say which one is, but you guys... I love to show you guys a bunch of our stuff. I'll show you a few things, but as soon as I show you guys, they're like, "I'm there to do that one." Everybody piles into the same niche, and I want that for you or for me. There's number one... It's not two. You're going to be in a trough to be with me. You don't do that.
Anyway, we did one without dogs, so we took all the breeds of dogs, right? So, like, 1,400 breeds of dogs. This includes the Maltese dogs, this is the snickerdoodle dog, and all the different hybrids of what we used to call mutts, but now they all have names. You if you get a cock spaniel with a poodle, it's cocko, right?
So anyway, to get another $3000 from you, right? Anyway. So we took a list of dogs, pulled them in, and in columns, we asked the top 20 questions that anybody would ask about a new dog: is it hygienic? How much room does it need? All those things. 20 questions. The AI goes out and answers all 20 questions about all 1400 breeds. Rain all night long.
The total bill to do that with AI was about $30. Now we have this giant database, a giant robust database of every dog in the world. Now you just have to match that to a site. So if you know if you respond to one of the ads to get to the workshop you saw become Zillow of your niche, right?
If you look at Zillow, it's just a series of data put into a particular place. In fact, let's go real quick. I wasn't really going to bury out too much, but let's go over real quick to Zillow. Can everybody see my screen? Yes, we're seeing it. There could be a big black screen right now, right? These monitors are killing me. I don't know how this works.
Okay, here we go. Pay no attention to the porn up tabs, which by the way, does anybody want to guess what porn is? It's a directory. It's a directory of these other porn videos. I'm long' ever been...
You'll appreciate people. I've been there before, but look here I'm quick. So when you go to look at a house at Zillow. So it pulls in these photos right here, this data all comes from a data source called MLs, right?
Then this estimate is just AI taking the general information and saying because of this comparison of this neighborhood, this is probably worth about this much. It shows divides it by square feet, which can be done with an AI formula. It goes out and searches and finds out what the docs are, right?
It's this data from the MLs. This data comes to MLs, and the type of homo this comes from MLs, but what's cool is you can see what's special about it. It pulls out and summarizes right here. Everything is special about that house.
Then down here, guess what that map is? That's another data source. It pulls in a map from Google Maps, right? It talks about travel times. Let me see what else we got. Here it goes back and finds the history of the listing of this property. When was the last time that it was sold? That all comes from county and city databases. They're pulled in. How much of the taxes again comes from the city database? The viability... It's using this to help you out if you can afford it or not with the calculation and look here, powered by Zillow Home Loans. Zillow is now the home business with a partner.
So if you use them to buy your house and get a mortgage from them, they go to make $3,400 worth of listings. It breaks down all the information, prequalifies you for down payment assistance. It's going to show you an overhead of your neighborhood again from Google. It pulls a walkability score from another database. It pulls school data from another database. It pulls nearby listings from the MLs, and it shows you who the realtors are. They're paying to be on that page, by the way, right?
So all these areas of data, this is just a database that's been mapped in to look good on a page. Does everybody understand that? Now, was that helpful to really explain what this name really is? Let me see if I can get back to where I was. Now, this is going to be the trick, see if I'm good enough to do that. My guess is probably not.
Yeah, that's what I thought. Forgive me, guys, I'm terrible with this stuff. I can go all the way back through the... I'm pretty bad. This is really sad that I show you guys I got out of this stuff. Okay?
That's the reason I don't... Go away. Okay. So was that helpful? For you guys to really understand what we're building, I hope that was helpful to you. Here we are. So okay, cool. So do you have any questions, thoughts, comments, feelings, emotions yet from the chat? $35,000 - $40.
That's crazy. They're charging percentage of sales now for real estate agents 40% as a business they're charging 40% of the sales missions for your stuff. So data is the goal. But the great part is data is freaking everywhere. We're going to show you guys I got tons of data and pay data.
It's really cheap. So by adding in here's a... It becoming Zillow something. If they just took the MLs data and stuck that into Zillow and that's what they did now that would be considered fin content by Google. Not totally useful.
It's all the stuff they added to it that enriched. They call it data enrichment. That enriched that data, right? So we can't think about the Yellow Pages. This is living content. It's constantly changing in many cases, some cases not, but mostly it's constantly changing, right? It needs to be searchable. This is incredibly important to any directory to be searchable, there has to be advanced filtering. There has to be real data relationships.
You do that with connected databases that show you there has to be scalability and automation and consistency and trust. That's what this is all about, right? They're built differently and you're building directories very different. We're building dogs right there's great there's a lot of notes. We talk about the notes. Sooneric I'm glad you brought it up.
So a blogger can write an article that ranks for one thing a directory in one night. When you get your data cleaned up together, you can push a switch. I talked to about Julius the other day and we built a property that 9000 listings. 9000 listings and this is for as a market and with nine thousands nationwide. Wednesday was the website was built in 11 minutes. Eleven minutes to build 9000 listings.
Right? One blog post can only do one thing. 10,000 listings can... For 10,000 things. The great thing is you're ranking for all these little obscure weird things with the directory that no matter how great you do with the blog, you'll never ever be able to accomplish. The Big Foot Blueprint is where you get it now. The Big Foot Blueprint. You're putting your foot down and you're saying, "Here's my 10,000 pages, 50,000 pages, 1,000 pages, 100,000 pages that are dropping in."
It doesn't matter if you're 80 blind, cripple, or crazy, it is irrelevant. This is not something where it's based on your personality, your age, or any of those things, right? Does that make sense in that crazy?
All right, so one versus 10,000. So everybody say 10,000 in the chat right now. Everybody putting 10,000 in the chat. Now, I want you guys to know that this is you all by yourself over a hill, right? With one voice, one position, one thing you'll be talking about. Or it's 10,000 tiny voices out on the web.
The great news is all those 10,000 tiny sources are getting real cue balls to them. You get to direct that traffic anywhere you want. It's like having a table with 10,000 legs on it. It can't hardly be knocked down. Is there any...? Is everybody getting this? Why 10,000? No, you don't have 10,000.
I know people with referrals with 800 listings that are making a foregone living out of it. One of them... She's on something called real estate course reviews. She just reviewed courses that was a directory and made over $40,000 a month for this directory of reviewing real estate courses. Is that crazy stupid idea to make that much money? Do you get the slides, Michael? What the hell are you going to do with him? Yes, you get the slides, but he asks questions about the slide. Yes, you always get the slides, but it's as if you're going to do... I'm going to take action on what you're learning here, and then we're going to slide.
But I definitely will get you a slide. You'll get them. They go out at the end of every day. Okay. So here are the big principles of the Blueprint or of directories as a whole, right? So here's one, which is a flood zone, right? More content platforms, touch points, more opportunities. Here's what's interesting about you. Here's what's interesting about Google, my Places, and you all. They're
directories, but they take inbound information in their directories. They send inbound, they send outbound information from them back out. So a lot of times you can bring in RSS in their reviews to make your properties richer right away. You can add YouTube videos, which, by the way, we have to guess what kind of website YouTube is. Anybody want to guess?
It's a directory of videos, that's what it is. Playing across this link. The other thing about this is so amazing with directories is they're absolutely international. So you're not talking only because it's fax figures and data. Generally speaking, versus dialog, it translates extremely well.
So we built that... It has to build software, we'd blog. It's going to be easily translatable to every country in the world. All ten I mentioned that's 10,000 pages. You got a blog, it's got 50 blog articles on it in English for the American audience with a big site, you've got 10,000 or so listings. Let's say that's written for every nation on earth.
So your reach is ridiculously big, and it drills down to the needles. This is the big one. This is the big one, right? You're not going to compete with Yelp for our open table reviews. Although table, by the way, takes reservation costs every time somebody votes for an open table. I don't... This is how open table charges for reservation for subscription. I'm guessing it's $15. Reservation would be my wild guess. Nothing... How they make money, they're making money somehow. They got to have sponsored listings. I'm dug into open people's model.
That's why they charge you. They charge the restaurants... Yeah, they charge the restaurants. They're charging the restaurants. They're toning the ad... So subscription costs... How much this... I'm just curious... Yeah, who said... $1 per person. It was a dollar per person, and they charged the restaurants. I forgot. Think it was $600 a year. It used to be plus a dollar reservation. That was about 15 years ago. Short on... It usually picks up once I get everybody on the TED.
I'll tell you a story, this is how dumb people are. Customers are right of... Okay, there you go. 350 to three. So, I have a limo driver named... If you're watching Amy, I'm telling the story I'm the press driver, he's the send driver for drives to the airport. I'm as different but... You to the guy that drives the airport. So we're very close to... We try to... Romy to pick up. It was a joke that Romy would say so Romy would... You... Romy locks the airport and Mr Perry, things are really bad... He was always depressed, something was always wrong.
So when I'm like, "We always listen to stories, there's entertainment." The poor guy's always seems like the... Dangerous to the motors. So one of... How do you know how's really bad what's on as well? I was getting all these leads from this website called...com, which is by the way a... Anybody come on that directory? There you go.
It's a directory of...com and they charged me a dollar... And they suddenly raised to $10 a... So I had to drop them. So now I don't have any... I don't have hardly any rising. I said...
Well, Romy, how many calls are you getting from? Well, I'll get four to five calls a day for a dollar. People speak, and I said, "Well, how many of those turned into customers?" Well, not all of them.
I understand not all of them, but how many? Maybe two or three. Okay, and how much do you charge for your service? He said we're $75 an hour with a minimum, so $225 a job? Yeah, but he said most people go longer.
So what's the average ticket? About $3400. That's $300 that you make. Is the drive, all of it? I got the gas, the driver, or whatever. Something about maybe two hundred bucks. I said bet. So now the lease costs you $10, and you make $200.
Yeah, but you cancel the lead service, why? Because they other price ten times on me. I'm not going to pay that. I tried 30 minutes on the airport to explain why it was stupid. Not buy the leads. He's going to get it right.
But the point is, most businesses today don't know how to deliver leads to their own business. They don't have any idea. They have an idea. So if you can help them deliver leads to their business or your directory winner chicken dinner, right? They don't have any choice.
I'm going to a little about to avoid the Kings avoid space, don't fight. There's a reason for it. You're better off to work in your own markets. Okay, I'm going back to share again. Rassel, can you do it automatically? I feel share again that'll be awesome. Cool, gosh, every time I do that. There we go.
Okay, so we're good there. Okay, so yeah. So here's the thing you don't have to compete with you. You don't have to compete with Yelp for restaurants. But you can have a directory of gluten-free restaurants where you can find a gluten-free restaurant in Austin, Texas, with an event room, for instance.
They're directly no liquid space. That's a list space they have in buildings, their restaurants where you can have a. It's directly kills it right? The more the needles... You're going to get...
Let's get a thousand pages out there. Some of those pages will only get one visitor a week. Some of those pages will get one visitor a day. Some of those pages will get more, but in aggregate, the traffic is enormous.
It's enormous, and it's not just picked up by SEO, it's hugely picked up by... These are citations we're talking about, second data. Data is everywhere, right? The smaller signal, the smarter to move...
If you can pull data in and organize data that's not previously been organized for people, you win. Whether it's tax-related data or it's snow-screen data like a buddy of mine... Right now I'm trying to think of the name of it. Gosh, what is the name of...?
It's a thing helping people. Theo makes all the snow conditions on all the mountains in Colorado for the SEO engine optimization. It means being picked up by ChatGPT. Claude AI so any kind of event data like that works.
It's a friendly... Number five. You want to make sure that it's a friendly clear question, clear answers, be concise. You structure data and the more the longer your directory is alive, the more authority it has, and the more that get this part grows all by itself.
Then lastly, you're able to provide some people call citations. So right now, if you're in the SEO space, anybody knows what citation is? There's a citation in the... Not the one to take it you get on highway... May know what citation is when it comes to marketing put in the chat.
Yeah. So citations are huge. So for local businesses, Google has a new model. So in order to rank local businesses and even national businesses... Now it's not based on AI, it doesn't do it too. It's not based on backlinks. AI doesn't have any way to track backlinks like Google does.
So guess why I count on citations? How many times has your business talked about on authority of properties? So when you launch a directory, everyone in your industry is going to be listed on your directory just so they can get a citation.
So instead of having customers, you have to find customers. Customers are finding you. If those people come in and want to list citations, some of them are going to want to have a pay listing they can control and add to. Some of them are going to have a feature listing in their town or in their niche. Are you guys starting to feel it? Do you start to get it? I hope so. He feels it down in a special place runs.
Yeah, all right, cool. So these are the big principles of Bigfoot. These are the big principles of Bigfoot. So this is a great example. So there's a company called Nods. It's called... I'll talk about Sky in document minutes. He ranks about a thousand pages for cities where nomads can go and live and connect with other digital nomads. This is his whole business. About a thousand cities.
He talks in each one. It's a directory of cities. But a directory of cities as it pertains to nomads. You're perfect. I love you so you can... There are directors of cities, a lot of them, but when you think about how niche you can get, no one does a director of cities, but it does. Directory cities as it pertains to digital nomads. You can have a directory of cities as it pertains to gay lesbian activity in that city. You could have a directory of cities for... It's a big one for walkability for bicyclists for... Tell me about the city as it is to a hiker telling me about the city as it is to a job opportunity, right?
So there are just as many opportunities for opportunities as there are opportunities. Can you go to great pictures? So right, there are so many of these right, there are so many of these that people are looking for these very specific needs. Now here's what's really interesting. We're going to talk about API in a minute, but there's a really great record right now. I forget the name of this, so if you find it, but it's a directory of neighborhoods and cities as it pertains to the quality of the school zone.
Right? Does anybody know anything about that? I can't think of it right now, but it keeps up with good schools or something like great schools, yeah, great schools. So here's what's really interesting.
So great schools is a directory of public school information. Do you think public school data is free and available? The answer is yes. They just pulled it all in and made it accessible and readable. But here's what's crazy. Guess what they do?
In addition to having people visit their web properties for this, they license that data back out. So sites like Zillow license great schools' data and pull it into Zillow use in one of their data feeds.
So here's what's going to happen with a lot of you guys and cats and kittens here. This is Perry's. Part of Perry's evil maniacal scheme is that a lot of you guys are going to develop data and directories that the rest of you can share data and cross-promote with. You get it? Krisp cross Apple Sauce. There we go. Krisp sauce. I remember that's me.
But this is an opportunity for you guys. You guys did it. Yeah, did quality water? I don't know what it is. I tell you now my buddy Islam, he's looking to buy land right now, and he's studying water quality and air quality, environmental quality, cities by environmental quality. There are so many cities that are best for singles, cities that are best for kids, cities that are the most dog-friendly, hotels that are dog-friendly, right? Can you see we make money for that?
But this is just the great... Only a thousand pages in this directly, by the way, only a thousand pages. But the biggest sites in the world are using this exact methodology. Amazon is just a directory of products, Google Directory websites. Facebook is a directory literally of faces, that's what it is. You guys start to get this. You're trying to get it right. Enter any website right now in the chat. You've used the last week. Here are three websites in the chat you've used last week.
Right now, I can tell you there's a good chance that at least two of those three websites are directories. In almost every case, somebody's using one every day. Carmax, Lift, Zillow, all directories. Luton is a directory of drivers. Luton is a directory of commercial property. Are you guys getting it?
Right now, in the chat, if you think you're in the right place, just type the right place in the chat. If you think you're in the right place right now at the time... I mean, there's never been a better opportunity for something brand new and exciting than right now.
I don't know if anyone else right now is talking about this. For a good reason. I'll tell you why, because until we figured out how to split, it was really hard to build these things. It costs millions of dollars to build a hundred thousand dollars to build them. Until a year ago, we went on this amazing mission with Russ and with Julius on our team, primarily to figure this out because we had to figure out our own business.
So we figured out what's talked about. I mentioned eight months ago, I said, "I'm doing this thing about billing giants." We're going to work on it in a couple of months. I was like, "My God."
All of our members are over a thousand, and they can be pretty pushy. They keep coming back to where's the next thing, and we couldn't teach it because we couldn't do it ourselves with our building teams, but we couldn't figure out how to do it in a way that we could show you how to do it easily, simply, and quickly. Until now.
So, Brian, yeah, this is going to be probably better for you than anybody that I know of on the call right now. We'll be pushy, no doubt, okay? So okay, and they're... I don't... I'll go through this too much.
I think I've made my point, but almost every primary property that you're working on is a directory. In fact, I asked... And you can't do... What your favorite tool is on top of 100 we sides in the... How many are actually directories, and the answer was about 60.
So six tenths of the top 100 websites in the world are directories, right? Instagram's directory, pictures, right? All these are directories, do you understand that? You bet, and some guys are better than others. TripAdvisor is a directory, Glassdoor, that tells you whether you should work for them or not, where everybody's... You shouldn't for them, it's a directory, right?
They're really smart. A directory because they found a place where people love to gripe and compete. So anywhere people are willing to gripe up and complain makes a greatery, because that creates something called CC or DC or user-generated content or like G2. It just ranks software programs, it ranks software tools.
So that's exactly why they are structured databases where reviews listening to POs happen. It's really very hard for me to copy one. Once you've planned your foot and you've developed a... It's very hard for me to copy because over time the... It just keeps building and growing out of your control in some cases.
So one of the clearest examples of this is Krisp List. Nobody knows except people in... But it's amazing. No one makes more money per employee online than Craigslist. They only have 50 employees, they have no ad budget, they use old as parole code from a hundred years ago. The ugliest website in the world's never been touched. Design, right? Pretty doesn't pay. People want data, they want structured data, right? It as the prettiest block you've ever seen by a lot. How much some Google Krisp new marks network right now? I'm curious what it is from the ugliest directory on the internet. I don't know what it is. Somebody'll put it in the chat if you don't mind.
So the Giants understand this, right? Do you want to play like the Giants or do you want the Dredge report? Dredge writes no articles. Yeah, it's worth $1.3 billion. Not too bad for directly. The Dredge report writes no content, there's a directory of content.
It's so brilliant of Dredge to come up with that. Isn't that crazy? You're writing content, you're better off becoming the director of content. This is one of the issues when you're hearing everybody right now talk about Facebook, YouTube, or Facebook. Faceless is very attractive because some of us don't want you on camera. Some of us don't want to... Don't mind being on camera. I'm mail but I don't want to time. I'm having a time running different businesses over. I don't have time to sit down to do be out for mozy and do 2-3-4 hours of content every day. We... By spending four hours of content today. Do you really know what I'm going to talk about? Pardon my French. They just make a lot of content because they're loudest in the room. They have a lot of attention, but it's that good and one could say, "By the way, I'm an Alex, I know Alex."
I think it's smart, but if you look at everything Alex teaches, everything that's taught for that matter, actually in like cases, it makes me a little bit different. I'm doing something new and different.
But those guys... Alex going back... He said he's a human directory of everyone else's marketing strategies. He really is. So that he's really taken everybody else's data, rerun it his own way, and created a story of a...
Yeah, it's kind of an repeat, frankly, Dan's an original thinker. I got a Dan Credion. He's a curator, right? That's a way to say it. He's a curator. Most directories online, if you get the top 500 directories online, you can't name the owners of three of them. They don't care, right?
Well, everybody else is running stuff out, trying to get likes on Facebook or views on YouTube or TikTok reels or that shit. People are sitting around running directories quietly for a laptop from anywhere in the world that they want to be. I just bought a lakehouse right on the lake in Insville, Arkansas.
There's nothing I love more than waking up in the morning, flipping on the laptop, and sitting there and watching a fish flop and move around. The fishermen go by telling their boats wave, and I ask if they catch anything.
That's fun to me. That's where I like to work, right? I like that way more than I like this. I really like that. Directors can be run from... So this guy, Peter Levels, this is the guy that did the...
Yeah, this is the Dutch guy that did the Nomad list. You can check it out. So Nomad list, and in 2024 made $5.3 million up from $704,000 a year before. It's probably four years old. So that means in its 3rd year, right?
It made $704,000. Its fourth year made $5.3 million. He's one company, but if you about... I wasn't very advanced years ago when he started, so he had to do a lot of this with coding and much more difficult stuff. Today you can reproduce his whole property in a weekend. It really wouldn't be very hard to do at all, right?
But you can't beat him. He's already got the footprint. Now he's known for that. You're probably going to beat him. You're going to carve out your own niche, right? Well, remember that it took me four years. It took four years.
I'll remember that number. Four years to do this, and I'll tell you right now, you're going to be blogging for four years. The same with bucks, right? You can work a remote job and make bucks. I'm telling you right now, it doesn't... Anybody on this call four years to do this.
If you're dedicated, you can really bang it out in a long weekend if you're really dedicated in someone. Worst scenario for six weeks, you're launched right in really the right way. It's different when you're building a blog, you're basically building a note on the internet. You can write that note all the time.
It's stand on morning. When you're building a directory, you're building an asset, right? Yeah, somebody's how to grow your Keith page and like, Brian will show you. Brian testified that I'm sure I know he talked about his daughter. It took him several years to build up the fourteenth page.
But he knew so much for the second one. When his daughter did the second property like it is for Keysts, she was able to achieve a much higher level of success in four months. Would it take you, Brian's daughter, for months? Would it take you a year or two years, roughly? Brian, two years, nine months, he's got four months.
That's a difference in knowing what the hell you're doing, right? That's a difference in knowing what hell you're doing. And just can't hardly be killed. I mean, it's your asset you own the CO you planted in the CO and the AI engines you the audience, right? You by building email addresses is really easy. These people actually coming to you asking to be listed. Give me your data. You want all the upside and you want the long game.
Because the longer that your Dr is around, every time I write a review, every time a new business is they want to get as aing everybody tells you the citations. Well, I just want you to know your citation now once you build your directory right and everything changes. Don't matter. Do you like platform shutdowns? Don't matter if you like as... Go to eat stuff up, searches are going to eat up and water comes in the future, it's going to eat it because it has to... The data has to come from somewhere. You're feeding the beast, right? You're feeding the beast.
So okay, so let's talk about the moats, right? Let's talk about the moats and why I was... What was a moat? Great question you guys answered those questions. By the way, you don't understand. A moat is just what it sounds like.
It's a moat around the castle. See the bottom there, the water around the castle to keep the intruders out. So, I was not long ago reading an article from the most successful incubator in the world, which is a white commentator, and they said this year what they're looking for, someone who solves a new problem has a defensible moat. In other words, there has to be at least one moat around what they're doing.
There's a networking effect that as the thing is used, it becomes more useful to everybody, right? They just described a directory they really did solve a problem for a small market who's trying to make a decision. People hate making decisions, that's reason-dependent on as songs. I hate making decisions because decisions... We all have some called decision fatigue. We don't make decisions we might see we do real and so people want to go to the directory and who's as which gets the different directories. For instance, is a directory, right?
So, they're happening moats. A moat is just something that keeps competition out, right? You do something and this protects it from being taken over by someone else, right? So moat number one of the five boats is the five wheel. This is the whole ball game.
It's the loop that compounds right. You get more listings because people want to list right? You have more reasons for this business. List more businesses. The more businesses are listed, more listings get created, more customers you get, which makes more people want to be listed.
It's just really that simple if you think about it with... Yeah, or even Google. My business is actually a director. Google Business is a directly search. So all the businesses are listed there. If you look up business, it's going to go to my business.
But it's a generalist directory. In other words, it's listing every business. Great, but not so great because it only gives you a certain limited amount of specialized knowledge about the business. If I tell you where it's at what time they're open, maybe it's accurate.
So you need your address and phone number, and that's it, right? Your repository can dive deeper, you can answer 20 really great questions. Yes, a great domain can be a great moat. By the way, somebody else...
But the moat, the biggest moat is the flywheel. So over time, block extensively... People started blogging like a wild man, and eventually they slowed down because he's tired, which makes it easier and easier to take a beat any block.
So over time, it's easy for another block to come along and beat your block. It's easy to... The difference is a directory, it's harder and harder to be overtime. So it's the difference between a block he's owning a job and a director's, like, only an asset.
That's the big difference. A big moat number two, right? The bloggers are killing themselves, right? Published from Momote repeat always on the treadmill, always right until they just quit one day, and they oftentimes do just quit.
But directories get user-generated content. Businesses will fill out their own listings, right, and join your email list for free. Very specific people that you want to reach user reviews get better... About that business. You don't care. You care if it's the worst in the world, the best in the world totally love you just care that they say something right? The industry feeds databases to you, tons of them. Press releases that come out every single day for industries are a way of... New press releases that come out by a press release or companies that provide data feeds or government that provides over 20,000 free data feeds from the federal government and the state government, municipality, etc. While you're asleep, your property is growing, you get data feeds. There's data feeds. Question... So most businesses, the government, and other entities provide these things called data feeds, RSS feeds, or API feeds. In other words, there's a lot of data out there that people put out, right? For all kinds of reasons. Most of it's free, some of it's paid. You can pay for certain private data, but there's a lot of free data out there, right?
But that data comes in the form of some called CFC files or CDS CC files, and those files are just gobs of words in cells. But we're able to take AI and sort that data and put it into a usable form that creates a website that makes that sortable data. That data sortable, usable, and useful to people.
Therefore, we're helping AI to do its job better by providing a clean, concise update data. Does everybody understand that? Does anybody still not get the whole concept? As a rule, if you would... I get it in the chat.
If you understand what I'm talking about so far. All right. I think most people are getting it. Is anybody just lost? Any strike? Because I can ask for Andy or Russell or someone to check with you onside.
Yeah, lots of comps to show up after the string station. Yeah, here's a part. Lots of competition show up before the string. Yeah. Are we caching ourselves in the foot? Yeah, because we're going to teach you and give the tools to build things about...
So a lot of trouble if you don't have the tools that need to do this, it'd be very difficult for people to do. I'm noting the tools. I'm giving tools, actually, free right here. You... Whatever you guys... It's probably nothing.
I'm going to give you something really valuable without anything about... You get all of it. But I'm telling you right now, if I gave this presentation tomorrow and didn't give people a tool to do it, didn't... Julia is showing you how to... You'd be like us. It took my team... My team's smart, man. These people have been around doing this for a really long time, and it took us a year to figure out how to do this. It took us a year, right?
So good luck if somebody wants to take this and just go out on their own. Comprehensiveness is a big thing. So comprehensiveness is authority. The more comprehensive... If Zillow only had houses in some of the cities in Virginia and some of the cities in Texas and some of the cities in North Carolina, it wouldn't be very useful property if you only had some of the restaurants.
If Google Business only had some of the businesses right, it wouldn't work. It has to be comprehensive, right? The blogging earns 30. There's a chance now if you started a blog arm that's right a whole world. I may never ever... I am muted. Somebody says, "Is that true?" No, you're fine. Perry, okay, so I completed the directory now, right? I completed the directory, it becomes a de facto authority almost overnight because we really know the competition, right? Google AI are hungry for structured data. They're not hungry for Mary's opinion on something they could give a shit about. Opinions...
Yeah, I want tax figures, complete, well structured, up to date, cover the whole niche easily to cite, trust. That's what they want. Your directory is the most quotable object on the web for what you do, right? For that niche that you serve.
It's incredibly specific. I can tell you right now there are tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of directory projects and communities that are largely unserved. Largely unserved. I can think right now. You could do a directory of... Go Director... Centers for Section 8. Or you can do a directory of private physicians. It only takes cash pay. Or you can do a directory of kosher delis, right?
I mean, there are so many of these little niche things that people are looking for. Do you think that... Let me ask you, do you think somebody goes to Google when somebody goes "Opening" and says, "Hey, we're the best Jewish..." Do you think they're going to trust Google's general maps to answer that question? Or do you think they're going to trust jewels.com directly? All Jewish allegiances in America. They're going to... The most authority property and how you become the most authority property. Comprehensiveness and signal versus noise. You talk about a lot of signal versus noise. When you're the directory of everything, you become practically the directory of nothing.
It's just like being the expert of everything. You can be the expert of nothing, right? But if you've got the most... Like, right, that's already proven it with a Key West Resorts. He'd have been awesomeresort.com, he'd have been called for an audience.
Right now, he's super specific. Tocky West, and I chose Key West because he likes going there to drink beer, right? So it's a great idea to pick something that you really like, something that you enjoy, something you can be passionate about. It'll be easier for you. This is the corner of the web that nobody wants to touch, right?
But when you are providing a directory, that's drilling down to what people really need and not just general send data. You become the authority roving directory, authority directory. The thought of Planetory versus being a jumbo pack being part of every possible industry, do you follow Moat number five?
This is a big one. Auto maintenance. Once you build the directory properly, it's being fed new data from your data feeds all the time. These are automatically... All the time. A lot of... Every minute, every hour, every day. You're going to be able to straight data, new data as new things happen in change industry and you got generated content of new people coming and they want to listen on your direct record because they want traffic, right?
Then you've got the people that are reviewing those businesses that want to answer. So if you go on vacation for a month, your income doesn't stop. Everything keeps churning. Like me right now I'm a bit of a trap, to be honest with you. I deal with 12,000 people that depend on me. You guys that are... Thank you by the way my nine members, my lost members thank you. I depend on you guys living right?
I have to give you back. You're always trying to... You pay me ten times you pay me, it's my policy, but I have to show up for you guys on a regular basis, right? You're four. So, yeah, local motor four is local.
So the motor force... If you didn't before, this really applies well to local. As you get down into the... Finding those little liberty places, somebody says this is basically the near me search, right? This is the near me search. Vegan restaurants near me. Vegan restaurants near me, pet-friendly hotels near me. Plumbers that don't know plumbers. Plumbers would be a not a very good one, but really weird niche little markets like ravers or acupuncturists or ear coners or, what do they call a... Is what's it called people help you have babies? I can't remember what they're called. That people want to have babies at home. Dula dola. Nobody's going to look for a midwife and she's based on who's in the snack at Google My Business. They're not going to do it. They're going to go to some authority property that they feel so strongly about that has reviews from other people who have used that midwife, right? This one I'm trying to get to.
That's what that was about. But number five, the vote is maintenance. These things grow on their own. They build on their own. Generally speaking, they don't break. There's nothing to fix or repair, and you're not in there.
If you don't post anything yourself, you have a block. Here, you've got a newsletter. I'll talk about that too. But if you don't post for a month or two months or three months or four months or six months, it's probably not going to matter how well the property continues to grow.
It's set up properly. Does everybody understand that Unity is absolutely a directory? You is a directory of online courses. 100%. Are you starting to understand how almost everything you can interact with on the web that's big is a directory? Almost everything you do, almost everything you interact with is a directory? Pretty crazy, said Sean. Absolutely, this directory would be a great idea. Jed chatter... Okay, so here's what I want to do right now, just right now when I'm... Go back fields real quick.
So the five modes is the flywheel, right? It all happens in a flywheel. One thing leads to the other, right? You get more listings, get more businesses to list, create more listings and more comments they create. More Dess, more comments. They create more listings.
That's why... Let's number one. Number two is other people are building all your content for you so you don't have to do the content yourself because now you are the Google, you are the Yelp. You always have content. Google is a great content. Ancient list does great content. All is done by the people you know. The third mode is comprehensiveness. Make sure the most comprehensive authority is entering 20 questions, 20 to answer questions as fine, all in one place. Number four is drilling down to local to drive people into local businesses, and number five is automated.
So which one of those? And you bet Jaff you write down on paper which one of those hits you the most? Which one of those do you find the most appealing? I'm curious. Auto maintenance aut maintenance autointenance other people make the content local UCG flatwheel local awesome awes aes awesome. You guys are getting it I think you're really getting it, don't you? I really do think you're getting it. Awesome, aes, awesome.
Okay, great, super. So now let's talk about the four families, right? So there are four big families or types of directories, four big types of directories. So the ones that are overly they're often crowded are people facebook's got a pretty good bet on the directory people they do that's what they are a lot of places, you know y'all has a pretty good beat on that things. Amazon has a pretty good be on that.
But organizations are wide open. Association, nonprofit, schools, clubs these are some of the things people are looking now for a lot to do. They're looking for things to do, they're looking for activities, they're looking for a place to belong.
Right now's pretty funny, because of Covid, because of AI because we're not we're working from home, by the way. I don't know. Those are not. I note. Birth rates are all time low in the United States. Marriage rates are at all time low in the United States. People in relationships, especially men, are at all time low in the United States. Guess what that correlates with anybody. Guess what that correlates with anybody want to guess? Covid somebody says kind of not really loneliness suicide is a correlation suicide are way up the economy depression those are the economys down depressions up thanks for doing loneliness there you go somebody hit it. LISA MILLER working from home.
So as soon as working from home became the standard, all of those things you have the correlation, they're right there, right? They're right there. We stopped interacting so much with humans. So now people are actually wanting to join Associs, wanting to. John wants to go back to school, they want to be a club. They're wanting to interact
so much that they're snuggling business for $70 an hour in New York and Los Angeles. They're doing business. $25 an hour to get somebody to go with you on a walk. $25 an hour for somebody to walk with you. People are that freaking love me. The psychic lines are blowing up right now, old-ass psychic didn't want somebody to talk to. Discord's killing right now. Hundred a year with Ron. Brian's a good time to do that right?
So, each of these has a huge impact on less opportunity. But if you're going to be one of the beasts like restaurants, you're going to have toose like food allergy-based. A food allergy-based restaurant directory would be awesome because like IMM is allergic to all allergies.
So would it be cool if you had directly that listed places people could eat that had food allergies or that had gluten intolerance or whatever the case may be, right? Places we talked about earlier, places that allow dogs, cats, kits, or snakes or whatever you might have as people that own reptiles that want to know where they can live. They have a reptile. Or they have a large dog. Where they make an apartment you see things you need specialized equipment. People are passionate about the best they're going to buy. Walt Amazon, they don't know the best one is, and they want to be generated reviews on that, and they really want to get a community that right.
It's all available to you. The second family is time-bound stuff. This is a different kind of Vickery. These are events. So we're in the depth right now of creating as.com conventions.com for a long time we're as finding businesses that are scrapped completely. We're going to be as finding businesses. We're the largest directory of conventions in the world on conventions.com.
So you asked earlier, it's a domain plus, yeah, it really helps. But conferences, probably drops, anything that has a deadline concerts. What is a stop-up? Anybody want to know what a stop-up is? It's a directory of people who have tickets to events, right?
That's all it is. It's a directory of concerts and people going there and buying and selling tickets. They're vampires, right? They suck, they're terrible, right? It's a director of events, right? Anything that has a time-sensitive window to it. In this time-bound framework, there are opportunities, jobs, and grants. There are a couple of things already, but you can specialize in RFPs, so that means requests for proposals.
So there are a number of directories that list all the government contracts for the federal government where you can go and see all the requests for proposals go. But here's the thing: who's doing that for cities, who's doing it for states, who's doing it for small municipalities, right? A director of grants that close, they have a time window, right? Jobs, grants, these all these things, these opportunities that come along could be contracts. What do you think a director is? A director is a directory, right, and it deals with money, right? Who's the best director right now? Who's got the best insurance right now? Who has a dude? Why pay retail? Why pay retailer? I think retail is a huge company here in Austin, Texas.
That's a directory of coupons. That's what they do. They're a directory of digital coupons. Monster business, huge business, expiry drives return business. So as long as you've always got new data coming in and new things coming in that expire, you can always fresh content. You're going to fresh visitors, they're going to come back. Multiple times to see somebody likes music concerts, and you have the directory.
But if you have, for instance, don't think there's a directory of live music in Austin, Texas, which is crazy. There should be. Somebody should have a directory of live music. It used to be done by the little newspapers that came out. The local newspapers came out, but you need one required by Capital One. It looks something about how much I'm not sold to Capital One. I'm just curious. Try to bring a trailer.
It's another one. It's just a directory of people. So... I think everybodys starting to have a light bulb go off, right? Can somebody play... If you're getting it, because I feel like I'm being a dead horse a little bit, but I want to drive this one home because you really don't...
Yeah, I think people are getting it. Next intangible digital is probably the biggest opportunity ever. My friend Matt Wolfe has future tools. He was really smart to create a directory of tools early on. That has made him a boatload of money. He makes money. ASU Michael makes really a lot of money from tools. He's a directory, software, apps, platforms, templates, calculators, Etsy is a directory, Pinterest is a directory, calculators, automation, AI tools. These things come out. There's something like I read that long. There's something like 5000 software tools will be launched single right now, right? My AC is so happy right now.
But say 420 million they paid for a... Not... That's correct. Yeah, that's global 42020. Isn't it crazy somebody paid $420 million for a directory of coupons? How do you think that really was built? Not very media CDEWORKS movies, books, music, photos, videos, art... IM db huge traffic good reads noboys about reads I amaz' read is a directory of books as people want to talk about books. People are readers trust the reads more than they trust the reviews on Amazon because it is... Right?
It's organic, it's authority. You could not get anything if you tried. I think Amazon bought Goodreads a few years back. I don't know, they paid for it. So are you starting to see a trend here? Are you starting to see a trend? People are buying these things, we're doing one right now called the Congressional report.
It's pretty cool. So it's going to... It's a directory of how all of our politicians vote, so you can score them based on their conservative level or their liberal levels. Pretty interesting thing we want of that stuff. I don't know. That mattered all...
The knowledge and reference so like the base directory of knowledge in the world is Wikipedia. But you got people building directories of data sources directors of data's... We're going to talk about that. You're going to learn to filexsy Dailos is a director of how you guys like... You to me a directory of definitions like Urban Dictionary.
If you're Urban Dictionary pretty fine, right? I had a hundred and 50 million for degrees in 2013. Did you hear that Google and Amazon paid $150 million for degrees in 2013? Let that sink in for a minute. That's like $200 billion in today's money post-Trump. I'm just kidding.
All right, yeah, when we're at travel sites like hotels, Expedia, believe it or not, American Express. If you book through American Express travel, I found out hard way you actually are booking through Expedia. They license Expedia data. You're booking through Expedia, not the American Express.
Because they want to toil themselves, they want to partner. The family number four is connection. I think this is going to be one of the biggest ones ever for you guys. This is data or a confounder or BB like, "How can I get connected?" LinkedIn is a directory business people, right?
But there are problems in Silicon Valley that are pairing up technical founders with merging founders trying to create matches. Dave's been a long time. But you think they do it. One of the ones we did years ago matches veterans up with other veterans that not romantically, but it matches veterans up with other veterans who served on the same ships together in the same couple of teams together and ASA where they can go back and find each other and reconnect again, right? Craig's list does a lot of this, but it's old and TED now, but they do it for jobs, for housing, for services, stuff for sale. Anything for sale can be put on the directory anyway. You bring people together. This is a giant opportunity right now, especially in conditions we're socially... We're really lousy social conditions, guys. I mean we're really bad social conditions, right?
So here's the unlock, right? This is the big unlock. What if you can bind them? So back in the years ago, I worked with the guys. I worked with a lot of people that are working with a tobooks, and one of the things that we found out was...
Yeah. So, like Victoria, what if you had a directory of home detailing, home card detailing providers nationwide? You've got all these people, they're all dying for work, right? But it can be for a particular location.
But if you combined up back in a candles space we found if you a cobook you saw booksbooks on the but books on Canva survivalism were similar. Well, so if we did cobooks that were survival cookbooks, camp cookbooks, and we took two genres and we mashed together, we sold twice as much. We sold four or five times as much. Or... Jesus Christ.
Okay, yeah, I like that. That's a great name, by the way. I really like the name, Emma. Right, all right, so you retired that... Wasn't that Jason? I just repeated Jason, it's credited... That's a great name, the fantastic name.
So, yeah, so you've got events combined with places you know you want, people combined with opportunities, a talent marketplace, tools combined with use spaces like the best AI tools for podcasters, right? Or knowledge combined with a niche every souro technique ranked, right? You're ranking all these things, restaurants, a war beta restaurants with Fynes in Texas. I fly up, you don't miss, right? Are you going to pull a hundred thousand people a day for that? No, that's not your point. Your point is going to pull that little bit of that for every city potentially in the world, not the United States. The world. Every cross-car out a more specific, less competitive, higher converting slice in it in the world. This is global guys' reasons we're so much money it's global.
So I want you to think about this for a minute. I said 60 seconds. I'm going to skip by this to a different screen, but I want you to think about the sentence at the bottom. I'm going to build a directory of blank for blank. Now, some of you right now don't have ideas. I'm going to think about this.
So here's going to... There's a character, there's... Make sure it's working correctly just make sure to let me know that's working correctly, right? Master list of direct ideas. Yeah, so there's 1191. This is my list that I'm building for myself. 1191 directory ideas, right?
I've been building this thing for six months because I'm going to knock at least 1100 by Monday. Okay? But I build these big lists, so I score them. Okay? So there's a scoring key at the top can drop the link and somebody says I can't use Q code please. Thank you. I'm sure that drop the silicon I can't see, but okay, there you go.
Yeah, so 91 there. Scoring key is important. The scoring key is really important. So, the fire ones are the ones that are in highest demand, the diamond ones are the ones that had the least amount of competition, right?
The three-star ones are the ones that are in high demand and have low competition, easy to attack. Does that make sense? You guys, how are you doing? I'm going to take a couple of questions here for two or three minutes, and I want to take a twenty-minute break and let you guys just in the short term, just think about... We're going back. We'll chat about this for a minute, about some issues you think I'm working on, and I'm glad to do some talking about that.
Maybe tell you time I tweet that or whatever, and it. We'll do that live. Let's do so. For now, it is exactly just two minutes till three. So let's call at 03:00, and we're going to come back at 03:20, which is really bad because it's 04:20 Russell Smith time.
So hopefully, you'll come back somewhat soon. Okay, so can you guys as you guys are stoners, I'll say yell tomorrow guy. Yeah, but let's leave the slides to and let's Google over the Russ that shows that we will be back in twenty minutes. Google count down times on top of that or something.
Okay, let me go there quick. Can do that, we can, no problem. Yeah, I welcome back at 03:20 and in the interim, you can have questions boxing emotions from this point so far. So far, on a scale of one to ten, how do you think we're doing? How do you like this so far? What do you think does you feel like a new lease on life?
I think this for me has been such a big thing. I'll be honest, guys. I've been going back beating some dead horses. I'll be frank with you and know I'm telling the truth. I'm beating dead horses, and I know it's hard to say.
Well, we used to do this and we used to do that. What you used to do, it just ain't always working anymore, you know? It just ain't always working anymore, and the world is changing around us. If we don't adapt, we're totally screwed, right? We're totally screwed, so I want you to adapt. I want you guys to open your eyes to a new model.
I think you'll love this. So we used to be young, great-looking, a while ago. I was never young, great-looking, I was just... I was young, but I was... It was great. But everything has a shelf life, right? You're right, everything has a shelf life, so go the list takes the next twenty minutes.
I'll go through there as much as you can, and you'll see this broken into the forming families, and that should be fine. And I'll be back in 20 minutes for you guys. We're going there. Okay? Start and then...
Rassel, you want to play a song? [Laughter] Okay, let's see you get a song there. Actually, can you try to play that? I don't want... Well, what you can do here, I think so, let's see... Big foot blueprints on the right. He... Tricia, I was looking at the list here. Which one is the most important on this list he has with the diamond? Was that who was asking this? Is this one?
Well, okay, we can... I have a question because I think I was... You said the... Has a three stars, a fire, and a diamond, which is the most... High in demand. If you look at the very top of that list, you'll see the legend that he has one that says fire equals high demand. The diamond is low competition. Three stars, got it?
I mean... Okay, I get to see that because I copied it too. Okay, I got it. Every after... Ask a question as well before we play the song. Don't want to... Anybody the river. Or is she just up for the next when he gets back?
So I'm just going to push... Check out... Here's unveiling of... [Laughter] The comes... Scheme looks not a solid. It will be green. A man in... Day with last books going on looking for a tree. The hall my home.