---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:10
Michelle, it looks like you had your hand up, so I definitely want to give you your time. How do we fare with the restart? So I got to the part where it says, "You app," and I didn't press it because this is where I got lost last night, so I thought I better wait. Is that okay? You're going to your screen? We have a different alternative, right? [Laughter] Not the definition of insane.
All right, this is yes, that is... It's hanging on that but I go and click "View app." I believe we should see if it got better. So go click but and you should shut up a window and hopefully it's not the chat part. Let's see, this is where...
Yeah, it seems to be timing out on you. Let's go to the top window right there, where has the published blue button on the right? Okay, and you don't click that one, click the one just to the right of it's like on the... Maybe I click that and then click the file 3, we're going to see if the files came in there.
Okay, so what we need to do. Click the three dots. It didn't unzip the file. So what we're going to do is copy link, click that copy link, and then I go down to chat down there and you're gonna say, "I need to un..." This file has all my application in it.
Then you're gonna paste that link that you have. Yeah, you're gonna taste something now, yeah, and then go ahead and shoot that through. I think that's what happens is just played the final and time on zipping it and this is where it's going to work.
Well, your files... I got a question though, if you're going to have an ask a question. So... I'm an artist. A fine artist and I was wondering if I should be thinking about building directories or a directory that would actually help me get found in some way as well as just the monetizing the directory.
If so, you have an idea for that? Yeah, I mean, there's so many art databases. There are massive art databases that you can play with from where you could build the world's biggest digital gallery. Probably if you chose to do that.
Then you could feature other artists, including yourself, in a mix of people that at masterworks, at work, MUSEMEWORKS. If people like art, right? People who buy art are our viewers, right? People want to see that there's a really weird there's a big market right now. People who are printing art. They're taking old vintage art, modifying it, and printing it.
I think there are all these public art databases, like you guys just saw me earlier build the API database, right? I took one data source and said, "Build me a sortable directory of this." I could just as easily drop a public art museum link in there and say, "Take these databases and build me a search directory." It would have done that.
But what you got when you have the directory, the home page of the directory is yours. You can do anything you want to do with it. So, when people log in, the home page... For instance, I'll give you an instance when Google used to sell ads or Yahoo did on the home page back in the day, and Yahoo was just Yahoo when it started. It wasn't a search engine. Yahoo was indeed a pure directory, as Sale open directly wasn't even a search. It had an algorithm, it just had all the websites indexed in a database. They were all in a directory, and you could search the directory.
That's what it was. But to get a link on YouTube, excuse me, to get a link on Yahoo of the day on the home page, you're going to do a million visits a day, every single day, right? Because people went there for a source.
So if you've got artists that are going for inspiration, like you probably know, do you know Dribble? Yes, yeah, what is Dribble? It's a directory. Yeah, okay, so you have ability. You could start with a database, public art and give feeds. You could allow other artists to list their art right next to masters. They want to, you know, they could pull up. They say my arts kind of style ins asa kind of style.
You know, people like this artist will probably like me. And you can show them side by side. I mean, it's absolutely a great idea, you know, because if you want our buyers, you know, if you want our buyers, if you are buyers, you can have a lovers, right?
Right. So if people are going to go to look at art or. And there's probably a actually there's not probably there's a huge opportunity there for you to eventually have a marketplace where you could license their art. There's a lot of digital printers now like me. I'm a digital business and we're always looking for art that we can license to reproduce in certain ways. The master stuff, you know, that's where we're going to look. We got to look at public available stuff because we don't pay for it, right?
But, there's certainly an opportunity for people like you. Artist a license arm. So I can certainly be as angle. I'm licensed. I don't get [Laughter] much for painting pennies. I'm guys everywhere. It's like, yeah, the licensing fees are, you know, obviously negotiable, but they're not, you know, they're not always superlucrative for the artist, but it is mailbox money, right? You get mailbox money. It feels nice when you get same true with like most people know this but like a shock doesn't own the image. They're onshock they're directory of photographers.
So those photographers have, you know what I mean? Yeah, they're as there's a massive director of photographers and they allow you they create a licensing mechanism for which those artists can get ropes. ITunes is a directory of songs and singers and musicians, right?
So all these things are directories. But, you know, I know this distres and look at like, man, that seems like a lot of work to do. These are projects that took years and hundreds of people, two years ago to do.
So the fact that it's a little challenging if you want something easy... If you want the easy thing to do, you want the easy sale to buy. Yeah, you might get someone when you get home that you didn't want. [Laughter] Just pick up that one, right?
That's... Do we get a message out, guys? I think Rusty is ready to say, "Nobody... You're on the right... You go... Do you want to share that with...?" Thank you for that message. I appreciate you.
Okay, there we go. I'll go on sharing the screen again because I just went through another method that we tried if we're still stuck. Michelle, let's try this. Will you be able to share your screen again?
Yeah, I want to just do this as a demo to see if this is going to work, okay? Because I don't want you stuck. Okay? Is that the right one? Okay, so this one... So it said it wasn't going to be able to upload that zip for a reason.
So it's got the very top icon, it's like four boxes in the very top left corner, far from... Yeah, right there. Let's click that icon just below that one, I think.
So I clicked that icon, and it should take us like... I go home. Yeah, let's click home. Everything's convinced, right? You see that other part where it says "Import Code or design" right there? Yeah, let's do GitHub, let's do the first one.
So I'm having trouble on this. I'm going to pass you a link. This link is in your document, but I'm going to give it to you and chat. Can you grab that from our chat? Yes. This is going to be the direct GitHub link where it should just start building it on there for you.
So once you copy that, you can paste it right into the repo. And you know, I put there are instructions as well in that document, but there you go. Wait, you don't know, I don't... There you go. So it says "Big footprint directories, pros's name." You can change that name if you want.
Maybe just if you're fine with that, go and click the blue button. But that's... And then we should watch it where it starts building. This is going to bypass that other part. So I was going to import directly from my hub. Did you...? It takes a little bit longer just so I'm able to get the long way around.
But that other way was working for you. So let's do this. So it's going to explore the codebase. Look, I've done a couple of demos on this already, so I've gone through it, and I'll be able to send over exact instructions on how to go from point A to point Z on a video.
All right, so what it's doing right here... It's neat. It bypasses a lot of times that you would have to request from the agent, like "Do this." When you build this form, it's just going to right off of the files that are already listed in their hubs. Anybody else on here? I don't know if anybody else has that same thing where they couldn't get that zip file uploaded, right?
So... I'm going to come back to the screen and just share that again. Then we'll come back and share... Thank you, Michelle, for sharing this. Thank you. All right, participant, share, and I'm sharing my own screen.
So at the end of when it does this, we should see this screen here again. To get to that point, I went to... And this is a free account. I'm going to go to import code. Then I'm going to go to GitHub right there.
So import code... No... I'm going to post the same link, and this is... I was going to describe it to you. You can change the name. It's called this late-night directory, and we'll import... Just like you're doing.
My race... I'll see if mine's going to be working as I've made three of these things so far on this call here, and that one's still working. So it is running... How it's going to be pulling that information.
So I'm going to subscribe to the screen, and let's see... Anybody else on up? It feels like they want to try run through this as well. I'll feel free, but yeah, I'll go back. Michelle, if you can see if it's still coding for you or... Yeah, it's still working. I would just love to see this version.
It is a longer way, but I think this should get done for you. Then looking for any other thing, Mike got something that's not quite the database. Circle worked for me for seven minutes. A bunch of stuff looks weird and then 40 records.
I'll have to see Mike if you got a chance to share. Yeah, and then of course, they share commission links. So this is going to be asking if you want to your Gemini AI link right now. You can just say I'll just... I'll use my own Xbox app. Hold on, Mike. Mike, you're there, buddy. You got it. Looks like you've got something in there.
All right, I'm going to stop the screen from right there, and I'm back to the shelf. Okay, so now you just click the Xbox down there, you see what it says. Add your AI to your project. Yeah. Click. Just click the Xbox on... It should bypass this.
It's just setting up your Gemini stuff and all your information. I think we can bypass this now. You ought to put in right now. You don't have a Gemini Mike handy right here, right? No, okay, it's Gemini.
What is that on? I don't know that it's a Google product, but I believe that's for the AI features in the app. So I think we can just bypass that. But it's going to go and build that API just in case you opted in with that.
So it's going to continue building the API servers. That should throw a load time fixing it. It's quite the application. You can probably see from the file size that it takes a little bit to get it going. Not... I like this. Let me fix all the image clients to be lazy too. [Laughter] I think hopefully that's like image lazy load or something.
But there are a few things where we had to prepare for any type of directory that would come in. So, like, if you're people, products, or places. A lot of places, just like a Google image of a play location.
So it has to be able to process what it's going to show there. Again, with called action links, there's just a whole... It feels like we built a whole other CRM for this. So that's pretty much what you're adding right here, let's see, is it's continuing the process, right?
So it's complete, the workflows are complete. Let me configure this. Okay, so now what we're going to do is I'm going to post the follow-up actually prompts to get you started. So set this. Then I'm going to put this big one prompt in there for you.
It's too big. You have the document in hand. I'm going to put this document right there so you don't... Too... So you have it open already. W tab maybe six to the left, yeah. Copy that right there. You like you have a highlight, I have a highlight, yeah, everything is pink. Can you copy all that?
Yeah, I go and copy that and let's back over to your Replic, and then let's put it right down there in the chat and then let's send it. Go ahead and click the blue button. I'll make sure that this is going to show, and I just showed to allow us to think about Gemini API. We'll see what it does. Do you let me check the app?
All right, adding this... No point... [Laughter] We're close. I could feel... [Laughter] Yeah. This is definitely a longer way. But again, once set up...
I think if we just have a screen we can go back and then come back into it like everything's built. You'll see how files there as much as... But this shouldn't take too many credits away from my free account. I've done this four times now and it's still at like 72%.
So I just started a free account because I didn't have your... I just got the free one because I wanted to make sure I could play. Isn't it fun that you can mess with a little bit with a free version before you commit?
Tomorrow at 09:30... What time zone is that? It's 9 am central... Okay, thank you. Central... Go check the frame. It's so fun to try to get everybody the same spot on software. You're closer. I was about right about 72% and I think 69%... See here for the next up and it's great... Re-greening checkpoint.
What we're going to do is you click the back button for me at the top because I think we're going to come up... Yeah, click that back button. Do I have to get out of that? Then let's go back to projects and it should be the one at the left. We should see loading private deployment access... Is it big footprint right there? You have to click... Look at that.
Then this should be showing on a screen. Alright, see that's top part where it says canvas and it's a start application. Click start application and then it's a drop-down, click Directory Miro and then click run. I believe this should have started running.
I think we had their service pretty today. It's... [Laughter] Okay. Yeah, okay, now you have your director. What we want to do is bring in the database. So... I was like, "Let's go back to that blue document you have." Tab to the seven.
So yeah, let's go ahead and click that CCAS next download database right there. Perfect, let's download that and see what to do. I just click "Download" in theory. I did click "Open window" where I to a link. I don't click. As you go ahead and click a file up there, I think you can click the file at the top left and then click "Download".
Okay, so we want to bring that file into the chat, so into this chat. Yeah, so it'll just drag that file down into that chat one. Or this one is that one right there. Okay, so if you look at the bottom, there's a plus button, you see the very bottom left, unless you're looking in your downloads, and it'll be on me.
Yeah, "Upload file", and then I download your down folder. It's great. For me. I can actually see... But... Can you locate that is a blueprint directory ZIP? No, it's called a directory master. DB yeah, [Laughter] it's... Is it right, it's like dot... .D that's the weirdest thing.
And just actually... Are you going to type in with this and it's going to say "Import this database"? Those are the magic words. I'm going to say, "Okay". And then... Yeah, it should import that database and it all stuff if it's asking you to... You need to set up a token. I'm going to switch back from Mailchimp and come back to Salesforce sharing.
It looks like a point where... I need a token or something like that. You're going to go ahead, just copy all of this right here from the document. You seen that more? Yeah, you're a copy all of this and then post that in there. That'll bypass that token need and it should just be a button "Go".
All right, so I shared that, I want to take a look because I think we're right at the end. Can you share it again? All right, so now it's importing. It's so what's doing it's importing all the dummy data they have.
It's everything that we have from what is it called? You know the template and you're going to have 600 entries in there. I should have stopped at 20 and it was important to bring 600 in there. Probably not right, maybe 600 entries of dummy data, but all right, let's see.
I think it should be almost there. It should populate and show all this coming up soon thinking hopefully we don't use all our credits before it's done. I got to cross fingers you can... What's the next screen? It should show
"It's about to do... It's to refresh... It's going to restart everything in a minute and I believe that's when we can use our login credentials, the default ones." Let's see here. Bot service is running. When we take a screenshot, workflow stops in Eastern ALR so it says it got 600 entries and it still needs API key, but I think we're fine without doing that.
Then, I think we click the green button, "Start running." Can you click that green button there? Yeah, you got it all right, you're exactly where everybody else was. Now you can sign in, you see the top writing and we put those credentials in there.
But that's exactly why... Yeah, so you have a forwarding thing, and we didn't use all the free credits. We'll talk about publishing it stuff later on, but yeah, that's what you did. Again, that's all alternative versions can record.
But yeah, that's it. Feel free to explore in there, but I think unless anybody else is just like "I need some help right now." Thanks for before tomorrow. So I think we wrap it up today. I think that's it and I'm going to build a couple... I've built three so far while we've been on the calls so it's really not hard. I got four as I governor all doing this.
It's fun. Yeah, it's really quite easy. So I'll do the dummy down Perry Marius dummy version in the morning, it'll be easy for you. Okay, cool, right? We're really going to end this time, let's not... Now we'll call it tonight, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Thank you, Michelle. It looks like you're hanging up, so I definitely give you your time.
Awesome. You got a lot of stuff from screenly source... Excit. So, do you actually have the app? That microde app is fully on screen. Tricia, you are in there. You have wind screen.
It's excellent because you might actually have... You help share some of these links because we can have up to a certain amount of collaborators. So, yeah, I got some good, easy wins for you guys today. I'm glad you're joining us back.
It was just like going to a museum, and you've taken so much, and you burnt up. You can't anymore. I know there are others in the museum, and you just can't take it in, and that's the point, right? Yesterday and today, a refresh. You can tell I have my coffee pretty excited here. Indian Tricia, what do you think? You're ready to rock and roll. I am.
So Tricia and I just demoing something with Russell, and it was the easy button, it lit the button, so I'm excited. Tricia, yeah, excited and excited for everyone. C you, Russell, simplified super simplified... Virtar.
It's just a quick, super quick thing to do. So yesterday we had a little bit of an issue when we're taking in that video coding, and I was... As kind of go over some of the frustration a little bit but was trying to get the zip downloaded upload.
Like, you know what it is to have a community where you have all the apps in there, and you're going to share... You're remaxing it off there. There's still got to be a way to do this. So this is cool that's in Velocity. Anthropic's... He's a rep, he has that remix ability. I got to be able to do too.
So I looked it up, and I think we have an extra easy way to get this going. So yeah, maybe we wait five, six minutes after... I don't know if I used to watch the Saved by the Bell and was exact... What's the plan was to...
If the teachers would come within 7 minutes, you're free to leave the class. Yeah, so here we want to make sure the students are in here. Anybody's to stealware rock and roll today. It's going to take a... We're going to have a share link and we're going to bring it up so we'll see how this works. Is everybody okay with that? We want to go ahead and... I know David was on screen yesterday... Gonna share screen. I think I have to do this one is share what I'm doing and we'll confirm that it's working for everybody.
If you get the thing that says, "Hey, this is a private app," we'll get a new link and it should be working. Okay, so stepping into the process. I just checked with Tricia and we just did this like a couple of minutes ago and it took us one minute. Are your software still there where you can access it and you can change whatever?
It's yours now you can do whatever you want with it. Yeah. So after you basically did the easy button and it appeared on my screen, I was able to now go and play with it and change the name and change the colors and all that stuff.
So I'm excited. That made it easy. All right, well, I think we're all about one minute out before we go into it, and we'll do this really quick, and then we'll take a couple of questions and we'll talk about WordPressing because we show you what the directors in WordPressing do, we'll show you how to use it, and so we'll actually give you credentials to get in there.
But yeah, overkill we try to fit all at once. So I think I'm just about there where I can go ahead and get this things shared. Let's see, I'm a copy... That's a quick unrelated question. [Laughter] Unrelated.
All right, let's... I'm trying to get this for two days to see if I just go to the beach and hang out. Can we...? Does anyone have a ballpark done for you? Price? A ballpark done for your price.
Yes, there is one. We'll have that at the end. But we wanted to really make sure that I make the deals, closed deals. I go find to make money and I have somebody else to do the hard work. We'll have that later on talking today.
Yeah, it's done for you. Beach for me today, thank you. No, yeah, I know it's beautiful here. That's... I think it's to show you. I guess we wanted you to have the concept to show what all it takes, how this can... How fast or how significant your time would be eaten up using this. That way, if you were to look for some employer, somebody else sourcing to do this for you, you know what to charge, you should pay them.
You know how much time turn around. So at least bring that concept in. So this actually should advance you really fast. So we are 6 minutes after I'm going to start and I showed the software. I missed it yesterday. This is a great spot dump because yesterday I checked a bit of a more complicated way. This should be clicks okay, I'm sure screen like I'm actually making sure I have the chat up and I can share this link.
Okay. So I'm going to share my screen. So this is the Ruble app that we made that it's scalable. You can send this over to people. I found that I can invite by sharing this link. As I'm going to copy that link and move it or two. Bye.
Right, so what I do is I'm to get it int like no, you saw Access to you remix I think. All right, so let's go ahead and share this link. Let's have. David. Anyway, let's just start. A couple of people jump on here, click this link, and I'm sure what happens when you click this link, it's gonna open up a screen, update this over limit. I wait, this. Is this a free of software or what?
Okay yes freeftware that you'll able to remix but just [Laughter] as describe I know yeah everybody just click everybody just clicked at once. We need to go in a little experts here so I'm gonna change this link here again. Let's see. Do invite Graf no longer accessible.
Okay, so I'm to copy this link and then let's do David. But you hand it very quick we'll do Dave, let's see David, are you there? Yes right so I'm gonna do this like quick right so David and I wanna share your screen to shot does it doesn't work there's four David ll okay so I'm a message more chat.
Okay, so there we go. Okay, you show your screen and click that, and I was gonna want to show people how that's gonna work, and then we'll have drin, let's see. All right. So we should. And I'm gonna give you an invite copy.
And I'm gonna show you this new link here. Okay, and can you click it? Alright, okay, when you click it, all right, great. So on this, can you go up to the top where it says New Mix Blueprint directories?
You see the title at the top left? Yeah. All right, go ahead and click remix to purchase this. No, you do not purchase this. I just. I can't see where you say you have some covering that there should be a yes button at the bottom of that.
And I have the people that have the link right now that's working. David Thurbridge Kelly let's say Kathleen, Bob, Sam LC, Joanne Wolkoff and then Mace. So are you following along exactly what David is doing?
So what you just did, David, was you just closed and remix that application. It's going to be popular on your screen. Just here and now it's yours. You just... Can you make sure that you tell people that unless you've specifically called their name, they won't get a 4A4 until you've added them that people are trying...
Okay, so next we have Joanne. Are you able to share your screen? I just want to make sure we're doing in groups of fifteen or twenty right now. Let's make sure you got all this so... There, okay? Did you just...? Did you follow along with David? You click... I think you have an open, and you're able to see the application. Did you go to the top click remix if not...? YouTube and anyone's awesome.
So okay we have Bob. Did you do the same? Bob Wilkins, I did awesome. It did work for you. Did you go to remix? It went perfectly. I just inserted my initials at the front. All right, Kathleen, how are you doing? Did you do the same thing right there?
I know. I'm sorry. We need a confirmation from... I'm going to get out the link, and it's going to come to you guys. This we have Kevin that worked for MCCARDIO... And we have... Let's see, David and Kelly did it for you, yes, are you awesome?
Okay? We have Kathleen or Sam and... Want information. I only want to make my work yesterday awesome, and I'm sure any link and it should allow you. All right, so we're going to have the next... People come through. Wait, do I get a conversation from Sam and Kelly and... Are you there? Now? Can I go and share the link with you?
Then we'll show another... For David Tog... I'm going to chat this link to connect to you, and I want to make sure that you're able to see this link, and you're able to use it. All right? I'm about to go pop it in, and then you'll... Your screen and walk through that thing because we just have people join us now that I want to show them how.
That's all right. So it's like coming in and then... So up the top has Remix Big Footeprint Directors. And then click Remix and you can name it whatever you want. This is yours. And then click Remix and we'll go into your account.
I had this done yesterday. I got it to load. Do I have the same button on the one that I already uploaded? You have two of them now if you've done too... So they didn't get it working. Eastern I'm going to put this link and we're going to turn it off, of course, make sure you get off so I'm going to put another link in the chat, guys.
Steve, have you done it before yet? Yeah, I got it's working. So okay, Manuel, how are you doing? All right? I feel on here really quick. I have a few names that have gone in here I want to make sure.
So Brian, are you able to do this? I'm going to post a link. I know it's a collaboration. I'm going to refresh. I need to... 20 to 15 at a time. Okay? This is like a quick... But I'll give you thumbs up. I can't see what you're here. Are you all there? Do you need help to remix this or you're on the call?
I think it's on another call, so yeah, I may... Hey, bet you. I'm sorry, I actually put the audio off anyway. I don't have mine is still private and unavailable. Okay, let me get a link quick. I'm going to go here and refresh this. I'm going to copy a link, and this is Manuel, and yeah, and Manuel, do you know how to share your screen too?
Yeah, I can do that. So I'm going to share this message with you to clone this, okay? And then again, we're giving on-screen demos of everybody to show exactly the two clicks that they need to get this up right and working for.
I know it's a little bit, but we've already gotten, I don't know, like thirty people. 40 people on in under 15 minutes. So just there with you... Here we're making progress, right? Manuel, I send a link and you're... It's right there. Awesome, it's... Now, Neal, can you go to that thing that says "New remix" directories on the
top? Okay, click that please. Okay, and then go down... Yeah, click it and you should see a population. It should say "Remix can I click it again?" Remix, click it and now name it whatever you want like I just saw it. "New remix" whatever if you want to do it that way just click the remix button in blue. Okay, "New remix" yeah you can remix any time. Yeah, I click the blue side, I know that you're done.
That's awesome, you're awesome, thank you so much. Mail in there... Softening screen. Okay, so I'm going to look at my names real quick. I have... All right, so we have Rick Osborne. Are you able to do the same thing we just showed on screen? I need... I'm going to make sure and you just let me know we have Tally finished Sam.
Yeah, Anand, Brian, we have Elena. She was done. She got that Felix, Matt, Rick, or Vernon, anybody on that success, right? So I got Vernon, okay, and I'm going to get a new link for you guys, okay? Everybody okay with this working for you?
Yeah, I'm trying to log in the... Okay, yeah, you have a... And it's just spinning. Yeah, okay, copy link, another link here. I don't click this link if you have to. It's okay. You want to get any remix it to Arington, right?
Okay, so if you have an account, you've actually set this for free. You can sign up today, you can get this out, you'll be like seven to ten apps for free. So I'm going to LinkedIn again and we're going to have a whole another group, okay?
So I'm going to look here we have Kri... Were you able to do this? Let's... Becky, are you going to get to your screen? Yes, and it keeps saying it's limited for me. Message you like we're going to do and I want to make sure that we have it for you. I'm a mess if you're off. I don't know who's... Sorry.
So... Here's that link. Okay, let me know if you got that in your message and can you show your screen and show everybody what you're doing? I know we're repeating the same two clicks. I don't... Sure you... Okay.
Yeah, so you got the link and then... Sorry... Awesome screen I love this one. Okay, so at the top, "New Remix," you click that, yes, and then "Remix," and they name it so whatever you want. Cool, and just "Remix," and it'll be stored in your... Yeah, we got one of ten, so awesome... Charging you're ready to go, and we'll train you how to do that. I want everybody to get it. Let's get everybody... Okay, so you're to go. Thank you so much. Let's go ahead and check with the rest of the people that got this.
All right? So Kri, Copa, I don't know if you did... Let me see. I got Michelle, let's see Dmitri, are you good? Wendy, are you good? Yeah, I'm... Say your name. I don't... Sorry that was Dmitri. Awesome, we have Brett. Very good. Evolta Solutions, are you good? I'm going to remove... So I think they said yes. Thomas, we have Rich, Mike, all right, and then... Hey, I'm... Like you, I'm to say Chris, Christopher, can come up, and I'm going to make sure you got this coffee link.
Yeah, that's for a general question. Yeah, just make sure I just opened it. I haven't done... You share your screen so everybody can see what we're doing there. Is it that you can see that? Yes, okay, and if you go up to the remix, so if you open it, I don't know if you use all your credits when you go to remix, you're probably on credits.
That's why he's asking to do that. I how many? You probably know a lot of apps though, right? If you haven't used it recently, you'll have to... You're on the free version. If you wanted to remix this one right now, you'd have to get a 20-do plan because you've used all your credits, I think, already.
Okay, but you know what? You're at a point... I'll just move it on over to you. I'll share it with you. Just have to have a little more of a free account because you've had ten outs or something, okay?
Let's go ahead and... So we have Robin. I want to go up to Robin now. Let me take a look at... Right. So Kelly, I'm going to go ahead and remove you. You got it. When do we confirm you have it? Anybody see Kelly? I'm in Krisp. Thomas B., Robert, right? So I go to Robin here. Robin, tell you... Thank you for showing the private app is available. Let me hook up right now. Copy, Robin. I hope everybody's a little happier, and you're able to do it. Clicks, thank you for being patient and waiting for me to send you the links, because we're hacking around there 15 to 20 person limits, right? I don't know if you... Did you take a screen shot if you just liked that you guys know I'm doing? Jim, would you want to come on screen and show what you're doing or I'm going on? Jim, let me know. Rob, yes, okay. Jim, do you want to go?
I'll get you the link quick. So Jim, I'm going to mess you. This is going to be a chat. I love this pack. Okay, Jim, I just messaged you with a link, and you come on screen and share your screen and show everybody what you're doing. I don't see the link yet. Did you see a chat with you and Zoom?
I have to click your... Sorry, yeah, that's me. Awesome, we're making progress here, guys, right? So go ahead and... I'm going to remix this. Everybody's currently has a link that's on there. Will you please share your screen? Where do I find that option? The glowing green button?
It's an arrow... Modify at your toolbar... Zoho toolbar... You see, my picture is your picture. Just there's one green button. I don't see the green button growing... But you're on your screen. Now let's create your own mega side. Send... Let me check. You've got to at least click my link that I sent you. Please verify your email address.
Okay, so the promise... You're not able to share your screen, you're not able to confirm that you're... You've gotten into the site. I don't know if you've logged in or interrupted... We will come back because I don't hold up... Jim, I will get you fixed up. Laura, you're patient over there. Hey, can I get you your link?
Yeah, that'd be great, thanks. Okay, and then I'm going to run through these guys that have... I've shared this with invites. I believe my service has done... I believe Brett has done Evoltra solutions, Jim, Cyril, and Nick. I need you guys to confirm that you have it, and I'll get everybody any link, okay?
Right, so we have Robin, right? So she's on copy. All right, so Laura, will you be able to share your screen? Yeah, sure. I'm going to chat you inst... Shared. If you click that link to share your screen, I'll show everybody the process.
I'll go back over it and then I'll refresh this link. Okay, so we got a regenerate the firm coffee. I'm awesome... You're awesome. So you have a link open. Can you go to a new remix big club blueprint on the left, the big title, the big text right? To click that and download it, click Remix and title what you want, click Webbe Miniatures right.
I've got a link here for you guys. This is a link that you can remix this app. We have serial-confirmed... We have no whole other people. Neal Graf, did you confirm that you've completed this exactly what or just did Michelle is doing this now?
All right, I don't... Thomas being firm rich to confirm it's hard. Hey, Angie or Tricia, if you see those people, Tom said I got it. Awesome. So we're running more people in. All right, thank you Laura Vincent, we're going to... You next all right, so Vincent, hey, are you able to...? Yes, I'm on... Can you hear me? Yes, right, so I'm going to send this link to... Have you been able to do this yet? No, all right, so I'm going to send you this message.
Okay, here you go. As to... I don't... If you're ahead on computing what you're... You should be clicking this link and taking it right to rep to do these two sets for... I don't see the stars. I don't see yet. Did you see the instant chat? Do you see the chat that we're in? Where everybody's talking? Russell has... Let's say something, okay?
Maybe show you my... Little picture... I face right there, right? You're progress guy... I'm going to... You a link to share soon so just need to confirm... All right, Sammy David, did you finish that...? I guess name... I don't know who... All right, and we have... Sat Michael Ozoran, David Carter, Nick Graf... All right, awesome. See you, Vincent.
So go and click that you have the... I'm done. Russ... So I click a link and it says it's unavailable exactly. It's going to be available for you. So I just think it's awesome. Click remix, don't click the button. Click the thing's a remix click now click the remix and email what you want and Vincent from it's you... Yeah, it's awesome. Go ahead and click... I want you to click that then did you click...? Yeah, right so wasting you on your wrap okay awesome we can move on I'm done okay Graham you say you're done who okay let me remove it there. Awesome okay so the skate card reminds down to David bud, awesome right so the links Russ this Jim gem I'm thanking you very much Jim gem okay there's I'm still getting this play app.
Okay, Jeff, I'm... You right now, okay? So I'm... On for a minute and I remove you. Let's see, I'm going to... With you. I'm going to DM there you go but I'm... Just to show you what I'm doing here because that's... I need air information from you. I'm... Run through. These are people that need to... Once you confirm that you've owned this app just how we've been showing... I need to remove you make place for the next one.
Okay, so that's why I'm asking you to confirm. So these are people I need to confirm. Keith, Tray, Lisa, sat, Samarra, Rich, Tucker, have you confirmed, and please, if you can, Angie and Tricia. Hey so this is sky on right there.
Yeah, thank you Lisa. Right, so a single again for people. Sorry I didn't see my name on your list. Yeah, you haven't got access to it's probably for you so we need to remove... So we space this the club we're... I want to Keith tray sat and dog confirmed let's go back over somebody elses.
So we need to make sure that you know how to do it. Michelle was waiting for private athlete space to download as okay, let me get that for you. Okay, you said Jeff, you're in. Yes, awesome. So Michelle... As awesome message right now and we've join your computer just to show it how you're doing. No, I just want this is a straight freeze in Miro transc.
All right, thank you for... Who else on something like Russell all right, let me get you another link copy lit Michelle Hild over here thank you Jack go and click that button yeah remax Anderson's time this is so fun.
Okay, right, there's no over the rustle. I know we're going to... This is Joe, I'm... Go. All right, Joe, thank you, buddy. Right, Martin, you're in. Let me know if you want to share your screen next or I think you're at a wonderful three-frame genius. Russ is all you need to... And that's all you need to do.
Right-click and it should come up... Population... Confirm that you're in so I'll go to the Michelle... So this is Marius Stacio. I'm Marius. I mean... Your screen real quick. You said Marius, that's name... DNCA. I'll see you right there. Maybe it's under something else, right?
So these are still on the list as will listen... Mark, I'm done. All right. Mark JD Clements, you're Mark. Seth, awesome buddy. It's the third one down. It is on this one. Excellent. So you're making room for more people. Anybody Russ is... I'm done, JD. Awesome.
All right, and then anybody else? I'll see... My name is Greg H on your list, and I'm done. Okay? I have been on there for a long time. I consider them done. A bot share I want to share the screen. Who's that? Keith, yeah, great.
So let's get a link for Keith and just in case Andy and Tricia, you monitor this to make sure Keith is a key field. Are you a key field? Yes. Okay, I'm going to share a link with you. You're showing your stream so you've already... It's like you name a team, you got a job, but that's all you need to do.
Thank you. All right, and then we'll share the credentials. You go... Wait, I click sign in. It's basically ad att.com and the password and 12345678 that's in the document. I'll show that again coming up. Let's go make sure that we empty out the rest of you guys so we can make room for more, okay? Russell, this is Julius. I'm done. I still don't have the app. How do you get it? She Julius... Okay, my... Awesome. Got you. Hey... Be... Pump... Hey... Did you do it yet? One one... So it's got Miro for people.
I've got Bob, we've got Rick, we got Mark, Legacy, Andrew just putting the chat that he's on. All right, thank you. Anybody else wants to share when they're gonna do it, we have it a tape... Would you like to share and I can send you a link? Sure, thank you.
Okay great. I'm sorry if I messed up names. Apologize... Okay, yes... Okay, you promise message... One second. I'm going to get Dana and... You should be going... Oops, I don't know. Okay, hold on. Okay so can you click the link? Awesome. We click the new remix... You already have another process... You click that... Everyone and it's going to populate. Let me make sure that you click it. There's a new one coming up, but you see that is it? Andy, that is in Russell... Andy, yeah, it is... I'm... Okay, I'll just share... Again, you guys don't like... Okay, so I'm going to take a few more people off. We have Michael, we have Tom, we have Atwood, we have... These people have done a little bit... Have you done on...? Okay, anybody else on this list? Is that Michelle? Can I hear you else, Bobby? Cool.
All right, this link a few people can get more in and the assistants are here. We go grab this for a second. It's in this document I shared default credentials here. You guys, you just share that on... Right?
So we got Jim again... Are you still there? Did you fix that? Yeah, okay... Paten, can I go ahead now? Give you... Are you on? How do you... Yes, I'm... Quick, and I'm going to send you the link. If you click that, if you like sharing your screen that would be awesome if you can see it one more time about how we're coding this remixing it.
Yeah, just note that on this you're able to scale these as if you want to make this over and over again. You do the same process on your own app. You don't have to have my link. You can just go up to the app that you made and then click up there and remix it so you understand.
It's like an evergreen thing. Once you have a safe in your account, you can continue to use this and remix it. What about that idea? Cool, I'm excited this train is moving fast. Great, thanks so much. Yesterday I was watching a screen and showing how she's going to move fast.
I'm waiting for that to load. But you can remix, and then you'll pop mode to ask you to rename it whatever you want. Let's give it one more little second here. Yeah, go ahead, rename it, whatever.
Again, this base template you'll be able to change it. So it's going to be making... Usual wait for that new screen to come in before we leave you hanging because I want to see it there. I want to see it in the flesh.
I could see your hands up. Was there an issue with it working? No, I'm sorry, I got to hand... I'm sorry. Okay. We're going to go... As soon as this... Let's... I'm going to copy on another link here, and I'm going to message George chat.
Right now I'm going to roll over and make sure we can clear out more people up. So you're going to go... Awesome. Thank you very much. Stop sharing. Rulo, can you show a click remix ourselves? Exactly, yeah.
So say you come in and you do this, and I have it here. You can always go out here and do remix like this is your app remix all you want. It's going to be always on here. Let's take a look at who... Right now I need to refresh this, so we've got to be done. Jod, you've been on there for a while, but I don't... I have... I don't understand.
I'll see if he doesn't understand what I'm doing to get it off of the link. Okay, who was at this? Speak that I can share with you anybody then because I'm too... Okay, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to copy this link. I'm going to message you at...
And I'm going to chat this over and I'm going to send a link to you. I don't know if you want to be on your share screen or what not. I was... I'm going to get you there too, Scott, which I've clicked on the link you just sent me.
Okay? What happened? I have a screen that says, "No remix Big Foot blueprint directories" on the top left. Beautiful. So at that... Can you go to the left side and I'm screen so I'm here, you need to click this here and then go a remix. Click that and go a remix.
Yeah, so when you click this, there'll be a drop down and it says a remix. Okay, I got it. Then when it pops up, it has a naming. You can name it whatever you want, right? It looks like this. Do I have to rename it? No, but you click... I just need to confirm. You click the blue remix button and it started creating a new one for you. I clicked it, you click a blue button and it opened a new window.
Yeah, all right, you're going to go right, thank you. Where is that app going to be for me now in your red account you want to go...? Okay, he was that again. I forgot that would be me. I'm in... Who was I just speaking with? Is that right? Me... Georgette Russ... Georgette... Are you...? Let's go get you one you guys's... Go yes. I click on a link and I'm looking for the section where there's the remix. Do you want to share a screen?
I'll write, I'll get you one click away. Yeah, I don't get the rest of the links to people. Yeah, I think you guys are patient and just wait for this. We're going to go heavy on WordPress though, to make sure I'm not really quick so's going to show how to do this.
Okay, yeah, go ahead, click allow, whatever that means. Yeah, all right. See, at the top right, it says "New Remix" because... So, yeah, I'll just be a second. There we go. Right, all right, okay, I see you're up ahead. Go to "New" and then "Remix." Yeah, right above the words "Remix" it says "Footprint records." It's about your cursor. Your click... No, don't click the text. Now, it has a pop-up. Whatever you want, click the button.
But I want to click the button. I want to open a tab, and then we'll... On the first person, right there, and then you guys come up and wait for it, all right? Scott, it's almost there. Wait for it. I'm clicking... Anything else? Don't you do it.
All right, you're there. Done. Okay, awesome, thank you. All right, remove this so I'm going to look back over our list we need to make room for others. Please speak up if you've got access. I've got access. It's Michelle... Do you know when you say "I've got access," I got your name because I've no idea that it's Michelle Fisher. Michelle Fisher, great, awesome. Russell Rice, ten, Asa, thank you. Russell Rice, awesome. Anybody else? Awesome. Okay, I'm putting this link back in the chat. I have read more. All right. Mark Nestor Ritchie, Tom... I'm pretty sure your name is... Ritchie, awesome. Mo is done. Yes, I am. Okay, thank you. Tom, 748... Michael, I need to find out you're done because you... Mark Collins is nine. Russell, Mark Collins, awesome. We got... Doc, for eight, I'll be having a ring on screen for me to walk through it... I see there. Let's go ahead and get you in here.
So, Becca, are you able to chat here on your screen? Okay, so for Becca, I just sent it to you. Look in your direct messages. I'll see you when you guys message. That's fine, I'll do this. Got it?
Yeah, all right. Click if you click. I don't know if you're charging yet, but if you want to make sure that you walk through exactly what you're showing everybody else, and if you get any sticky spots, let me know. What's this? The screen says "Remix."
That's why I named it. Yeah, so you click that, and it drops down, and you can name it whatever you want. Okay, awesome. Okay, we're going to move on. Let me find you, Carrie. Did you do it? Awesome. Cooper, thank you. Awesome. Chris, right here, just like again, let's add more people in. Are you going to...? I'm sorry, I'm able to read the chat. I'm yes, you've been different from yesterday, but yeah, that's it. Any Bill, Mike, Miro, Tom, you've been on here a bit. Can you confirm if you're on Mike or can you confirm this?
So people are asking if they're demo work for them yesterday, they don't need to do the re-sign. No, you do not need to do this again. I'm just making the easiest way for you to get this if you can. Hey, let's make clear at the top of this here, right?
So, hey, I'm going to send you a link, all right? Then we share your screen when you show this. I just want to show it. I'm going to do it with you. This is a private link, and you click that link, and then show your screen to show exactly what to do.
I think I know what to do. The problem was getting access to the link. Exactly. If you just share the link every couple of minutes that you know another group of people in... So, I could do that as fast as possible, but I really need people to confirm that they've done it.
Yeah. So there's no Michael's, welcome Michelle. You've done that document for 20 people. I'm good, yes. What are you...? It is it... ETA? Yes, okay. I'm remembering Tom's been there forever, so we have new people coming in here. Bonzonzo is good. Bell Walton is done. Hey, let's... Miss... Hello.
Okay, and now Clive's talk to you like... How did it work? Did you get the link, and were you able to go in there and do it? Yes, we'll be mixing right now. It's just coming up, so I apologize, I wasn't able to share my screen. It's fine, we'll start to get more people to share it. Let's go ahead and go to GenAI, let's go to Gemini, all right?
Joanne Todd, I'm going to message you here. Bill Williams... Is Ruffles's... Did you send me a link to a trip? I'll send you a link here. Trip chat... Russ's... Question here. Krisp, I'm jumping late, so I don't have all the context of what you guys are doing. Is there a quick way for me to just save this over to my replicate?
Yeah, so that's what we're doing. If you go up here and my screen is quick, what you're doing is once you get that link, can you get in? Finally, you're going to get here, you're going to click this button here.
It's a new remix. Whatever you click remix, it's going to open up this model, and you can name it whatever you want. As soon as you click remix up, you need to let me know so I can make room for somebody else. Easy. Thank you.
Okay, so let's see, here we are... Dew Williams, you're back in your email on that Joe. Joe Whit... Okay, sorry I spoke over you. Joe Williams is done, and then we can like that through again. I'm sorry I spoke over you. Krisp is done too. Krisp... Okay, you, Norman, Mark, Kara, Travis Marks... Is here. Mark is done. Miro is done. No, not that... Miro is done already. Okay, well, let me get you. Mark Miro... Let me get on here. Can you share your screen? Cara's done. Yeah, Krisp is done. Awesome. Trip is done.
All right, that's what I want to hear. All right, Mark, and then I'm going to message you real quick to copy the link Mike Miro. Here's a link for you. Will you go and click that? It came in the Zoho chat. That's awesome, everybody. What we're doing, and we'll continue, I think we're 80% there right now, so let's continue. This Lynches is done. My master, can you confirm that?
You said Lynch, yes. IP Lynches Mike Miro, you click that link, I need to click it. Do you know where Zoom private chats are now? All right, so right where you see the chat thing at the window, it'll be the top, right? I don't...
Maybe because you share your screen, and you can go and click that link that I sent here in the DM, and it's going to open it up. So you're going to go up to the top left. Wait... So you can... We're going so fast, right?
So new remix COB... I click that remix, it's going to have a pop-up mode. What do you want? Yeah, and then click the blue remix button. I'm going to remove you. All right, Mike, there we go, you're time. Okay, so looks like Mace is next there. Hey, Mace, are you on? Hey, Russ here. Hey, look, you're running hot, Russ. I'm going to leave you for a while. Don't text when you're ready to feed me for everything. Rebecca and Gen, I need you to confirm that you've done it, and then let's look at who we have shared this with now, right?
So Nestor, Robert, Thomas, Norman, I need some conversation. You finished? This is Robert. Alright, Robert. All right, Norman, finish. Norman is done. You be this thing again. I'm sorry, I just talked over you. What was his name? Neal, awesome, haul, tie, you're excellent. Next, all right, Harry, Lee, David, Michelle. I think Michelle, you're done. Right, Michelle, Lee, did anybody see that on the chat or anything like that? Yes, I got mine, Michelle. Okay, good, and then we have global, we have David, we have Lee, we have Harry, so I don't get hands up real quick, David. Awesome. I'm Ross.
Okay, hey, did you get a link yet? No, I don't see it. I'm going to remove a couple of people on this one and I'm going to let you go ahead and share your screen. Hang on a second, let me get your link and open that up and let me see. Let me see if I can share my screen here.
Okay, I got it. Thanks, Harry. Thanks for confirming. Randy Thomas Travis with Allison and life chip Mitchell... Mitchell's done okay. Michel's price amazing what to do... Goli, mix you're going to remake okay yeah remixed all right, you're set. Okay, awesome, good job, Mace.
All right, let's continue on, guys. I'm going to go and copy the link. I want to make sure that we have everybody in here. So once you get this software's it's going to... You're going to use it login credentials here again just in case you haven't... These are the credentials. It isn't the sheet we'll back around this again and we have Andy confirmed and guys need to... Everybody help me so we got one out so we have Andy done. I'm going to call it Marie. Are you done, global Lee? Michael Beveridge got Nestst. Are you back in there? I don't remember that I don't click it again if you've already clicked done. Yes, Marie is done. Awesome, good job. How was her wife? Is she done? I was in excellence. Thank you.
Yeah. It's only have people who need a link. Still raise your hand and everyone else's... Orgon, please put your hands up to keep track of who's stilling the link. It's Michael's on. Michelle, are you able to click the link and get in there? That's your name. You wanna share your screen and show people how you're doing it? Yes, you are. I'm in, I don't... Yeah, I'm... Somebody's typing in there don't... Robin didn't reply that he's done.
All right we see that awesome, thank you so much for helping Robin. Again, I need Robert... Let me see. Robert is anybody screen nameless screen it toy screen mercy screen... Okay there you go. You and Joanne are you've already remixed it right? I need to hear you like you're done or you're whatever.
So I just remember your access. I mean Michelle, you're done. You need to be awesome and Chris, you're back in there. It looks like you're doing it now. Awesome, we got Thomas Mott, Michael Myers. Is that right?
Maybe it isn't. We got Lee, Roland Austin. All right, so you don't take a confirming... I'm going to back up if your hands are raised. Okay, I center... Maybe you... Your hands, Brad, Andy, center... A while here, Russell. Should you be patient? Yes, very good. Hey, Russell, can I show you this whole thing? I want to show you, and you in the background, can you chat with Russell if you're still having difficulty getting into his demo? I just want to show this.
It's going to take maybe 5-10 minutes, and I can get out of your way. I know there are some people now who are like, "Can't just move on." I don't care if other people are like, "What do you do if you're in a hurry for that?"
I'm more than happy to refund your payment and you may leave. We don't leave people behind here. It's not what we do. Just because you're ready to go to the next step, I'm not ready to let you to the next step. I'm not ready to let everybody else just hang because you're impatient. You've been on for a certain period of time, and you didn't get exactly what you wanted.
I'm more than happy. I mean, not happy, thrilled, excited for you to leave. So if you just want to message Angie or message anyone else that's on my team, they'll be happy to issue a refund, and you may go on about your merry way, right? People that want to drive the conversation in a group of hundreds of people don't work in this group.
I mean, if that's you... Okay, I don't mean to be a jerk or anything. I don't think we... We all wave them good-bye in the way. I don't... I just don't want that. Okay, two, I know earlier people were saying something about relict, and I'm... I don't... Replicate it if you're going to... Twenty dollars in your business or try replicating.
Sorry, what did I stop at? I'm... [Laughter] Sorry. Let's play that on level... Invest $20? Yeah. If you're not willing to invest $20 in your business, then you're going to feel anyway. You're going to make an excellent employee on the business. Everything in the world is a function of risk. You're risking your time for money for hoping for multiple...
If you're not wanting to risk time like you're... Sorry or you're noting $20 your returns for nothing. If you're not willing to invest in yourself and the tools that you need, you don't get anything back.
So you're wasting your time here. You are wasting your time again. I'm... Glad to give you your money back too. You take your money and go... I don't know, do whatever you want to do with it, but these questions, some of these are just absolutely ridiculous and asking...
Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate you all being prepared. Before you move on, I mean that people give instructions on what to do if you still need the link to the record... This eliminates the process of opening a file from yesterday. This is easy, but...
So he's going to send a link. It's first kind of... So private message Russell right now saying I need a link, and he will work through it. While Perry is teaching right now, you can lower your hand if you don't need a link. Russell is fixing the missing six and the password on the reply admin credentials, so... Hope we're there. There's six on that. Thank you for the message. Let me know.
All right, thank you. All right, queens, so now that I'm to start off negative, don't get out of the way because I don't want anybody wasting time and money that doesn't have to waste. I don't want to annoy anyone's... Ever, and I want you to... I don't want you to think you're going to do something. I appreciate that, but I appreciate being here, I really do.
If you're not going to contribute to the group and the positive group, we would rather you go and do something else. Okay? Now let me hope what I want to hop into if I can find my screens.
Okay, I'm going to show you a really simple thing that I did earlier today. So the GPT that I gave you yesterday. The directory enters. I remember that. We don't... Here's one rule. We have a total no-ass rule. I don't need money, and you don't want... You don't...
If you're on people, I will kick you out so quick it'll make your heads swing. Okay? All right. Now, remember, the director mentor from yesterday can mentor in the chat if you know what I'm talking about.
Okay, you can do this, and I'll give you a slightly different answer, but let me see what I did this morning, and this is... We're going to go... I have not done any of this yet, so if this totally fails, blows up, I'm just going to be embarrassed by...
Okay, but before I show you that, let me show you this. Yesterday... You remember yesterday I said I was building the directory of free APIs? This is it, and it really got to look nice. It's up now. Let me see if I can republish it because I put it up at... I think it's... Forget the domain...director.org. This is one I built yesterday. You'll watch me build it with one simple little prompt. It was this long.
I built it, and I've added a little bit to it this morning, but not one of the... By the way, you're done if you didn't... The design and blue and black. I'm sorry, I'm not sharing. You're right. Thank you, let me share it quick. Boy, this multi-screen thing has got me all messed up. I'm not used to the multi-screen action I did.
I'll take on you, okay? Sorry, guys. Okay, so a couple of things that I did here. If you remember, all I did to build this... I'm going to the top was this. I want to build a friendly, public, searchable public API directly from this and this is a GitHub repository of publicly available APIs.
I'll show you how I found that in just a second. Okay, so that's all I did. Does anybody here believe they can't do that? Does everyone believe they can do that? All right, if you can't do that, I don't want to do...
That's pretty simple. So I did that and it took off and in a few minutes it built a directory. Yesterday, it spent $4.20 to build. I think it was completely built. I didn't like the way that it looked.
So this is the thing that I do oftentimes. I'll write this. I liked it so far, but it's too ugly. This needs a serious design polish. I don't like the colors. Do something... I could take to Silicon Valley and be proud of. A lot of times I'll say I'm going to raise money right and it's shocking.
I'll drop this prompt in. You remember, the one yesterday was all balances, ugly and blue. It comes and gives me this beautiful, really sharp design that actually has room for video here. Now, I want to put an introductory video.
But this is really... You guys will probably use this. This is a very useful piece, right? Then today, the only thing that I did, definitely, my posing got stuff from it, but I fixed it. So I said, I want to add datasets, now I want to add datasets.
So it added all these datasets that I got from another public database from this GitHub. So I added this list of datasets to it. So now I'm an API and dataset directory, right? And that's everything. I'm republishing this really quick, you can see it live, but that's everything I did with that.
That's the whole ball of wax, right? So now I have a really useful directory of APIs and a really useful directory of public datasets, and those public datasets will be really good for you. I'll give you the links to both of those because they're good links. This is as good a set if you go here education.
So here, all these different datasets, they aren't ads, these are datasets you can download. This is the whole... The Nasdaq, for instance, puts a whole set of data on every NASDAQ company. It's an ant set of data.
It's all publicly available for free, right? So this is all the kind of data that you can pull in to... How good is moisture, soil moisture from the Department of Agriculture? Because you've got all these different categories, genomes, cell libraries, everything you can imagine in here.
So all the data that you guys are going to need. So I did two things in doing this. One, I built a directory and I built a tool you guys can use. So, I mean, when I was done, I'll show you and Russell a different way to do this.
One of the things that I did when I was done, I just bought a domain from... And it's the easiest way to connect to a domain. So now this is at... Gosh, what I put at... Hold on. I can't remember.
Yeah. AP directory.org was available by the way yesterday.
It's about apidirectory.org and this bought the domain so it's easy. You don't have to worry about complications of connecting it. And now this is completely apt. Up here at the top right you'll see a button "Submit your directory".
So that's the wrong place to fix it. But I'll set up where other people can submit directly. That'll be the beginning of publicly available editions.
So I'll get email addresses and everything from there. But if you go out here, it shows you what's paid and what's free. You can visit that API to grab it, right? So it's pretty cool stuff. This is a pretty cool little directory. I built that one yesterday. I built this one this morning while I was having breakfast, and it's pretty advanced.
I'll teach you how to do this later if you want to do it. I'm going to build one with you guys. So I just want to build a Sauro recipes directory. But I decided to make this one fancy. So this is a Sauro recipes directory, but it actually leads with a calculator.
So the home page is a calculator, and this is all created by Replic. This is why you want Replic. It hybrids things really well. So I'm hosting this one. I hosted this one as well on a domain I registered, Saurorecipes.org, this morning.
If you want to see this one, you can go here. I'll tell you why this one's particularly cool because today it's a directory of recipes. If you go down here, you'll see it's not at the top of the recipe for some reason, but it's a directory of recipes.
But it leads with a calculator. An incredibly useful set of calculators. So it's got all these calculators built into it that are on the home page of the directory. So this will be an incredibly popular directory because I can go to share this. I make this wide open in the front. I can share this in baking groups now and get it very popularized because I'm getting a useful tool on the front.
Okay, so those are two things I've played with since we went off last night, but let's go build something now. So, going back, you guys have this public ad link, right? You guys already have that? No, you guys...
Okay, I'll give you a link for the APIs again, just so you'll have it. Anybody could build this. You saw how to build it. You'll be playing around. That'd be a great practice project for you.
Then, the datasets.
This is how hard it is to do it publicly. There you go, datasets on GitHub, and this is a really expansive place. There are thousands of them in here. I forget how many, but loads and loads.
So here's that. There you go. But you can get both now by just going to my little property that I built for you. So you can get both of these. What's cool about it is that these are not terribly useful.
You've got a big list, but they're not searchable, they're not very useful. They're complicated and technical. Where I did was take that and put it into a much nicer setup so people can find it to be more useful.
Okay, so anyone to understand that so far, is there anything people think they can't do? Okay, so it's variable to do simply. Like I said, I saw a video last night. I forgot, but I sent the video that I really... Because it was in a bad... Today I would call it old and wrinkly.
It's because I'm not old and wrinkly. But I sent the video yesterday that you can build a lot of these little directories that you can build in 15 or 20 minutes. Maybe these directories don't make you a billion dollars, right?
But if they make you $100 a month or $500 a month, you can build one in 20 or 30 minutes. These are really simple ones without really having to understand the Julius's level. He's up here. He's a perfectionist developer.
I mean, he's a really great developer, he can build, he's who builds my directories. Generally speaking, he's very advanced. Yesterday I kind of... You guys a little bit because he's talking about stuff here. Russell's better at explaining. He's as good at what he does as Julius is.
But he's used to talking to you guys and trying to get the middle ground and showing you guys a middle ground way to do this that's a little more advanced, but still relatively simple to do. I'm down here, I'm a big dummy.
So when I do these things myself, I'm not technical at all. Anybody that knows me will attest to that. I'm not very technical. Guy, right? Yeah, you... $10,000 a year in 20 different LinkedIn, and you're great, right?
That's the thing, yeah, you follow the beta. I'm happy if I can do this crap, anybody do it. So let me show you what I decided to do. I ran across a little fun thing too, that I'll share with Russell. They may have to pick it up because sometimes people don't...
They said my uncle used to say, "Every now and then a blind squirrel still finds an acorn, right?" So big dumb, we'll figure it out, right? I found out how to do it, but that's cool. So here...
I said I need three ideas for a directory. I can build with a redlit very quickly, only using one public data source from here or a government feed, that's all. I said, "Does everybody... Can they do that?" Yes or no. Does everybody believe they can ask that question?
So it came back to me and said, "Here are three really good ideas. One is the Best Colleges by Outcome Directory. It's a really awesome idea, right? The data is already available. It's got data scores of 8.5, 10, and 3 for SEO, green view."
But you need to be careful with disclaimers not to overplay. Then weathering and alert directory for business events. This would be pulling a National Weather Service API, which most people don't know is an API. It's free, and you can pull it in, but it's an API as just a bunch of unusable, unreadable data by humans.
But when you pull that in, it made me three completely different ideas, right? That gave me... But here's the prompt, right? So it gave me that I didn't even have the datasets piece put in there. I was pulling from the APIs, not the APIs, and the dataset, so I don't pull from APIs.
So then I said the last with the food and drug recall finder by brand and state. Finally, I said, "Okay, which one of these is probably the most useful?" It felt like the FDA one was the most useful.
But the college one was the most useful but with the highest earning potential. Here's why. Anybody ever been an affiliate marketer? Anybody in the group say affiliate chat? Have you been an affiliate marketer? Some of the highest paying affiliate programs are what are called EDU programs. In other words, colleges, trade schools, and people like that pay huge affiliate commissions, sometimes as much as 500%.
So if you've got a college value directory, right, you've got the ability as people are on there, their intent is going to be trying to find the best college for the money for their kid, basically, and they're in the flow of signing up a kid for college.
So not only is this an incredibly useful tool, it's going to tell you all this stuff is tracked by the federal government, right? So we chose that. I have done this, I've done this at all. How's it going to turn out?
So, let's go down here a little further. He's telling you how to monetize each of these. So I'm going to go here and say, "Let's build a college one, period." Can you give me a prompt for Replit to build this buy that gives them access to all the API data or public accessible data? Delivery from here is no go.
So it's literally going to write me a prompt that I'm going to feed into directly. Does anybody believe they can't do that? Right? So here's a copy and paste prompt.
He's going to do this for this little trick. This is good. So on a scale of one to ten, ten being we're going to build the greatest directory for selecting colleges by outcome, and are you ever... How good do you think this prompt is?
Okay, so that's called pressure prompting. A lot of people know me. You do it a lot. So it scores this as a 72 out of a hundred, right? So you can be picked up to 94 out of a hundred if we do these things right. Hey, I can use as much of the tab people are to trouble.
Yeah, it's really hard to say, "Let me save you." Okay, I'll do it a lot more. Well, crap, you have to go to "View" here on editing. You're right, why are you so smart? Okay, is that better, right? So if it's only what changes it needs to make to get it to a 94, so I'm going to say, "Okay, I like this. Go ahead, right the complete set of instructions again so that I can cut and paste the instructions, interpret."
This is really the way Big Daddy Perry has to do this because I'm not smart. These guys are. They can write these prompts. They can write this code. They can do all these things. I don't know how to.
So you shouldn't take this as your Neal all the building directors. You really shouldn't. This is going to get started, and I graduate up to Russell level. Then, when you want to really go kill it, you think you have a multi-million dollar product or directory. You can go to Julius, and he can show you exactly how to. How to really turn that thing into a massive property. Julius doesn't build anything that's not butt up. He's afraid of blowing up or crashing or whatever.
If something's really... You're going to have to take it out of it later, which is a different conversation. Okay? So we got to go here, we slip this button, we copy everybody, they do that, everybody believes they do that.
Okay, cool. We're going to a replica, and we're going to be here in this part of stuff. We're going to copy-paste and say "build this." If everybody can type "build this," now we wait so we can check out what you guys want to talk about while we wait.
This is going to take my guest ten minutes. It's probably going to go version one in ten minutes, and then I'll show you how I would do the rest of them. It's starting to build a look first. Does anybody have any questions about this process?
Yeah, I do. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, it was very real, very... Yeah, I was just wondering about this stuff. It's like the self-feeding information and updating directories. What I'm wondering about is how it's best done.
People do their updates, but how do you verify they might update a listing? If I'm assuming as listing type directly, does that make sense? It's phrased a little bit differently. I don't completely get the question.
Yeah, I'm just talking about building a directory where it's like, "Okay, here, your company or your person fill in your own information with this directory." How do you make... How do you verify that information? I want to get ones that are as least basically as little oversight as possible when... But for people to put in their own information for their company, you don't want to see everyone as an API listening to the directory. You're going to monitor that account eyes, and I'll tell you why because that's your marketing opportunity you follow.
So if they go, "I don't know how to do a BI here," they're going to ask me to get an API only get that API more to... Hey, Russ, I don't mind. Yes. So, do you want to nurture this along while I talk because I could share this with you, and you can nurture along, can't you?
Yeah, you're probably the busiest. Hello, too. There are probably about twenty people left to help. Okay, go ahead and do that. I'll just get this API data. I just got to figure out how I get the API data. I think
you put it in for evil. Yeah. I'm going to use it for email so I'm going to sign it. It should email over the world. Exactly. Jeez, I just want the key. It's just a whole dictionary.
Well, crap, I think it's a little more difficult to do this. Yeah, I'll come back. Let's build... I'm going to build a shell. Can you go ahead and build a shell while we wait for the data? I have to get an API key. Can you go there?
Because somebody... You can and for please send it to me so I don't have to do this on screen. Sure, I'll try. Which API are you looking for? So... But you guys understand how this is going to work? So one of the things I'm doing...
I'll show you the other one. I was working at the same time while she got the Angie. Did you hear that message, dear? I did not hear anything. I know that you were talking, but then it didn't really audibly explain. It wrote but I didn't capture it, so I sent... I sent you a link over to the API for College Scorecard API. I need back the code for that to drop into here.
Okay, you sent it in Slack? Yeah, I sent it to you in Slack and I sent it to you. Chat here so I just need you to... There you go. Yeah, let's not... I'm not sure Slack is on there, but look up, it's just to you and Zoho. There you go.
If you'll just... You can... Here build this out, but it's building. Now it's building the front form, but you can see it working seamlessly integrating using plan mode without changing...
So it's building this thing from the prompt that we dropped that was professionally written by ChatGPT, so we have the right prompt. So it's publishing now. This will be done in probably a minute or two, and then we'll drop this and drop a... And then we'll have a working directory of schools by state, by call, by name, and by... Did they get it?
It's awesome. This is really awesome. So we'll that build. I'm going to show you a really cool trick that I figured out this morning that I bet you not even really smart Julius figured out yet. So I have a question, Bry.
Okay, let's say I'm building one. Let's say it's for local, but can I do that? Can this populate to the different cities and states and how we can target the different citizen states? Would that help? I'm sorry, I understand the question completely.
So I'm creating a directory. Yeah, for throughout the US, and can I target all the different states and in all the cities? Well, that's a beautiful part of... You can have it. You can have that search.
It's going to be picking up in those cities automatically, so you don't really have to target the city. What you can do is have it sort by city if you want. You can have it sort like if you look back at the one that we did over here for what was it the API directory?
So if you have an API directory, you can see here that we're able to sort it by different categories, right? It's searchable, so we can search it here. But you can actually do a browse feature where they browse by category, which is basically what this is.
If they want to browse all the states here, you could browse all the cities here to be on your page to the bottom. You can do other stuff in here. Then it would automatically sort them like you see the category searching here. It sources by category, by authorization key, by ACPS, or not.
But it could source. It could sort by country, state, city. You can tell this to sort any way you want. Does that make sense? Yeah, okay, this Repet software, how does this transfer to WordPress or does it just stay there? It does not. It stays on the way.
If you build it this way, they stay on the way. Then you host and route it for you. So all you have to do is really the simple way to do one. One of the things I did here, let me show you. It's really easy to do hot projects real quick.
But one of the things that you can do is just so beautiful. While this is building, you don't have to sit on while they're building. You can move. So if I'm an AP director here, I didn't do this yet. I can say, "Acting as a professional search engine optimization expert." I need to go in and apply search engine optimization to this property. Head to... I needed to rank well in Google for every page, and I needed to rank well for answer engine optimization in every page.
That's awesome. Now that's going to go in as a professional SEO expert and apply SEO to this entire application so it's discoverable. That's how hard SEO is in here, right? Isn't that crazy? That is crazy. I do this with everyone of my properties.
It's just amazing how well these rank because I do essays on the side. This is a little easier, it's a lot easier, it's a little easier. But play 23 tags and it's going to do that, right?
It's going to do all that. I wonder if Replic can revise an existing website, any kind of website. Well, not really. You can do that with... I do that now with agents and you can do it with Claude, with a Claude, with a clock code, or even a clock shoot order.
Yeah, so you just give a website, you give API access to the website to Claude cowork until it acts as a professional CO and goes through a full audit on your property. And if you audit and all the things that it finds are wrong, you say, "Okay, great, go correct all that." Wow, okay, and correct it, yeah. Notes, yeah, I do that all the time. I use Hermes agents for the most part. We won't even begin to talk about it because it's considerably more complicated, but I use Hermes agents for that. Emma uses cloud code.
I mean, we all use different things, right? We all use different things, but how cool is that? So we're this and it's taken off here. Look, I'll apply OpenAI optimization across every page. First, you understand the front instructions writing the page.
So it's an analysis. Yeah. In to the question. Andrew, were you able...? Look at that.