---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:06
Or you can scan a QR code and go there. Okay, so we're back before we go to who's got one? I just showed up there. Let's go to questions... If you take to back screen here, Russ, let's go to questions... If anybody has any questions, answer them, and then we'll go from there. I see that as what's better... Be 2020. Lord, that would be terrible.
But yes, so Joe, you're talking about different things. We're all on one direct, but each one has a different director. It depends. I mean, you can certainly do one national if I'm... Big enough.
Here's the thing, and I taught this, so I'm blue in the face, but it's about behavior. I am more likely to choose a restaurant from "New York's Best Restaurants.com" than from Yelp. I'm going to feel like that directory is more about New York-based food.
It's going to be... I'm assuming that they're more authoritative on that area. So my guess is that a series of niche directories would probably do better than a particular national one. But here's great news: you don't have to choose. You can do both. Once you learn how to develop these, they're not that difficult to develop.
You can take the same database and splinter it up over a large number of small sites, or you can have one big famous site that makes sense. It does look at the list, and one of the things I look at is the monetization.
Because I'm looking at things like petter gain. I understand the restaurants, how they make money, how you make money on something that's an record stores in mobile. Yeah, I understand.
I can tell you that I'm going to touch on some of that today, okay? But we get that incredibly great detail. I don't want you to choose. You know, I can tell you right now, there's a guy right now I follow on YouTube, pretty interesting guy.
It's a huge... He makes about $16,000 a month from his directory and sister directory comic book stores. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Well, my record store records are not terribly similar, no. What about color dating? How does that do it?
I think that got to be easy. You know what's... The one of the two fastest-growing dating sites in the world right now? Christian Mingle. Right? So it's a day for people who don't have sex. And two farmers only. Go ahead. Suspension date, isn't it?
Yeah, but it doesn't matter a directory. All right, but if you look at directories, for instance, who knows the biggest site in the world? You may know Facebook mass, it's Plenty of Fish, right? Very good Plenty of Fish.
It's a free dating site that's exported. So directly can be exported. They can be free and exported, they can be paid. There's no one way to do this that makes sense. Yeah, I'm a director for here. This is really interesting because I can... From Friday for whatever it is.
Yeah, I'm going to take it later, so you'll get more detail breaking it all today. Great questions, Elena, thank you. I'm allergic to coconut. Well, there are two people in the whole world.
Okay, Mark, so I hear the dog says, "Mark, can you hear me now?" Yeah, I'm doing well. How are you doing? Good, I get on a cruise next year, man. Too much fun. The cruises are the most money you have clothes on. We have so much money in that group. We got a little 108. I didn't have all the time. The autopilot said, "You don't know what's under just when you think it's safe to go back in the water."
Yeah, he was crazy about the cruise this year. That was different. Others. We just keep dialing things in. Whatever. I think we're just right at 90% of the people that went on the cruise that we just came off rebooked the December 5th cruise already. They booked while the December 5th... We weren't going to do a year anymore, and we changed our mind, and we decided to do a December 5th, which has not been announced to all night people yet, but I'll let anybody know. I promise. I probably should have not said that yet, but that's going to be it.
So what else? Some context and give myself a plug. I take people to Mexico for their dental work. So okay, we take people from north the border north USA and Canada to south the border all over the border of the beach.
So we do... I want to open up. I went to a directory, and I had a question about local versus national. If I'm one of the people who were searching dentists near me, it's not exactly... I would probably more that generally speaking, those markets are pretty well-established.
But if you had international dentistry.com or whatever, and that was your directory of offshore shore dental or something offshore dental or international in industry, and it was a directory because I'm telling you, I know what you do.
My daughter and I talked about my daughter's problem. She went to what's up? The words of the bed, by the way. It's kind of like, "Yeah, I'll get it tomorrow." You... I'm joking, but my daughter and one of her biggest problems was trying to select three go 2 Tony.
So there was no real... There are two different expensive remarks talking them... I'm missing Mark's... But she did point out my point. My point is that she had a hard time selecting because there was no real good authority site to vet those intents there.
Especially if you're going into another country. Think about that. Just here, a great idea. Here you go. Why don't you just vet? Won't you do the directory of cruise excursions? He's the director of Cruise Excursions. Anybody on whether they're supported by a vote or not.
There's... If you look around, man, you can't run in any particular direction and run into what a great grocery be then, especially if you're outside the country to get somebody to work on your teeth. I want to know pretty damn certainly that I'm safe and people've done this before. Does it make sense?
Well, no, I don't know. If you go to a website for that, I believe you. If you're the directory for it, you almost automatically have authority. Does that make sense? Well, yes, but you're not answering my question.
This is obvious to me from my niche, that's what I do. I'm a dentist doing this, I give people confidence. What's your question? My question is attracting people or how does the directory work on a local basis?
If you could say that was one of the most... I'm international, I'm US and Canada. I want to track people all over and give them confidence to travel to Mexico. Yeah, I think why people already have the idea, right? They'd heard from somebody probably, and you can hear us everybody, not everybody. I would... Do you want to answer it for me or do you want to listen? [Laughter] I'm messing with you. You're right, not everybody, right?
But here's the thing, the director's to be far more believable than Mark's website, right? So if you do it, if you do Mexico, let's say you get Mexico dentistry.com, let's you do that. You made that a directory. You can list all the doctors, all of them. You have the control then to stack that priority or score those doctors in any way you wish so that the doctors you want to steer people toward... You could write if you only do it for Mexico dentistry, people that are already thinking about Mexico dentistry are going to find you. Now there is... They're further down the tooth of the journey, right?
So you're in discovery, you're going to answer for that. You can give away reports for people who are curious. You send people to your property after they daily report. You don't want to answer. You pay me or whatever.
But when you send them to a directory, it's far more authoritative. Let them discover what you want them to discover on their own volition. You're going to see incredibly higher conversion rates. Right.
So I don't think that you're not going to show up for Dennis near me for that particular property. You don't want to... You want to show up for... What I didn't get into... Actually, that is a concept.
That's the big... It should be the gate is piggybacking. Let me explain what you mean about piggybacking. So most of your doctors in where the town is doing this and what are they there's might not be very optimized... They're not going to be very optimized radio. They're not going to be very optimized radio for that matter.
So if you build a directory correctly, you're answering the twenty common questions that everybody asks about any given clinic they're thinking about going to. You're going to get pages that rank higher than the actual doctors themselves, the clinics themselves.
For instance, I give an example like for.com. We know that we're not going to rank out rank of cema you know, for when people search thema show we're not ranking or when they search well, concrete we're out ranking them.
But we probably are going to outrank our pageones.com. We'll probably outrank the webpage for the Colorado Association of Texas Journalists, right? So we pick up all that fleckling talent, bring it in and redirect it anywhere we want to like...
I'll give you an example of a really great directory. Really, this directory probably makes $50 million a year minimum, and that's franchise GR so they just have a directory of all the different franchises that are available. They answer all the primary questions of those franchises, and then they sell the lead connection back to the franchise companies for the franchise merchers. Really an amazing directory. Super dumb. Easy idea, right? You can do the thing.
But if you want to stick to the problem, whatever your niche is, so that you get all this traffic that comes in from all these other doctors who don't want to be listed. They're all wanting to be listed on your directory. You list all. You go and pull the database up. You list them all right.
But everybody gets a basic listing. So the next step is when you bring basics you can send an email to them marking with this. Try to email them saying, "Hey, you've been listed on xindustry.com and directly for MEX Industry. Click here to claim your listing." Just like Google does with Google My Business.
So you're to claim that listing. They need to add in photos, add in videos, and add stuff to their listing automatically. They're out there generating content for you that's going to make listing more popular to draw people to your site, hoping that then transfers to their site.
So once they've done that... They do that for free. So they enhance their listing for free. Now, if they can enhance the listing, they have something called ST cost bias. So what that means is they put time on it.
So it's really easy for you to go back and say, "Look, would you like a premium listing now? Would you like to be in AO? Would you like to move up the ranks?" A gets $50 a month for a premium listing or what a case might be.
When people go in and hit a button on your site, that's general for more information about American history and gives you a lead, you can then sell that lead back to them on a premium basis. Making money from all doctors, not just the handle that you do business with, but still getting them. Being able to cherry-pick the best leads that you've got for your primary businesses. That makes sense. Yes, yeah.
So you can cherry-pick the leads. It's really... For us, they're building that background they show peak. Tomorrow they're going to... But we don't want to manage real events. We want to manage big events.
So all the little events we're going to other events managers and charge a lead on, right? In our case, it's $300 a lead. But when we get a whale that stumbles in, we'll take the whale ourselves and we make $40,000 or $500,000 on a whale. Same to you. Yes, I have more questions on Monday. Are people welcome on Monday? Hello, yes, of course.
Yeah, the only... Mark... Unless you're a blue beard, you can have a... But now you... The money... The... Are all members watching? Members are always the... For all get paid to be an... Drivers don't pay as we do about the year and two events, two cruises, and they pay for it. Hold on... What's up, brother? Hey boss man, can you hear me? Hey, yeah, okay, great.
So, as this is rolling along, I'm making a list. I got a list of about 40 or 50, but they're all B2B and all kind of associated with my niche, which is logistics and food. He's vegetable oral and I'm selling cucumbers. I got my cucumber plans. Why 9 million cucumbers are now all right and cans to me.
I'll do it for you. What's your question, Paul? Okay, so do you recommend a B2C or...? Like I said, all my stuff was everything I wrote down as B2B. So how do you approach that? I think B2C directories are largely underserved.
I think they're far more underserved than B2C. I think if it's me, I think for me all my directories that we're building now with the exception... Let's not complete them. I'm building mostly B2B directories right now. The only reason I'm building B2C at all is because I already have popular properties that are block properties' converting. Does that make sense? Of course.
So you're B2B with the higher revenue per user. Thousand percent. Yeah, because, for instance, give me an example. "emailstmail.com" as we convert from block to a property, we've got 40,000 sales we're converting into directly there. I can't possibly... Nails.com. I've never... I've had a hard time making money.
That's what I'm trying to sell now. It's really not that much to sell. So now those pro sales are all said to become profitable again because the Mail ST wants citation to drive more people back to their local site, and they show up and showcase their work a lot more than they can in a Google Maps space. Does that make sense? Absolutely.
Yeah. So I'm worth the most part, but there's a BC. There's opportunity anywhere. Like I said earlier, because he does most of the work, there's a little bit of possibility. Things sometimes, for instance, the 45,000 nail salons, right? I had to buy a list of them. It cost me $90, wasn't much, but we had a list for $90 of all the nails in the country.
Then we put them in a... They actually have this... We put in a tool that then goes out and asks the 20 primary questions, and I go out and find the answer and enhance that listing. Does that make sense?
Then we'll drop in a map how to get there, and we'll drop in of everything. We're really dropping in customer reviews. So we want to get those reviews but better or different, and it's bad. Here's a call right, "Hey Betty Nails on... Hey, this is paynails.com. Don't know you, just got a great review on our website. Did you see it? Here it is." Or "Hey, this is Arks."
Well, you got a lousy... You guys really hate you. You don't get really upset customers. Anyway, I got to start a conversation about phone and emailed the chat waiter that makes sense. Absolutely. Reviews are totally underserved.
In all of my wheels, it's self-milking, right? There's these things that Bud Dan Jackson calls "selling milking cows," right? They build upon themselves if you so... Okay, yeah, thank you, sir. Thanks, Paul. Chris, we're going to take three quiet cruises, and Robert, and then we're going to move on.
So, Chris, hey, Perry, thank you. So far, this has been excellent information and really doing... With all the different ideas that I've had over the last few years. I guess my big question right now is if your goal is to ultimately build these registry businesses for exit, build them to sell, would you personally rather start it in each space where you already have deep domain expertise, access to an audience, industry relationships, even if that niche is relatively small? Or would you prioritize a much larger market where you're starting with less authority and less connections? Something weird like, say, model cars?
That's exactly the niche. Yeah, [Laughter] I want to... Honestly, Chris, here's the way I look at it. I'm an exit guy, right? I've made enough money. Not the way I made enough money. I'm working so... I have five exits, and I'm really happy about that.
So I usually build two things at a time. I believe in this parallel universe. I've been teaching this for a long time to all our members in my higher-level masterminds of having assets that produce income and assets that are built for exit.
So... You and you really love the blockchain space. I might figure out how to build that first, because you like it, people want it, and you know how to attract users to it while building. Maybe another that's purely for exit, but you might find that both are true, right?
So you click on model cars like, "Yeah, have you ever heard anybody that collects plastic containers?" Sure, yeah, they're pretty collectible items all the plastic maybe you know. If you say it in the chat, if you know what this container is, if you had it when you were a kid, you ate his pills.
Yeah, you... I love those sting things, right? So there was a guy out in California that built a site, a directory for collectors of pests, painters. Yeah, his name is Deer, right? That cat. So he built a site that was a directory for people, and they made a marketplace where they traded.
This is one of the most valuable metrics we're about how you pick a director once it's clipped and converted to a marketplace. The marketplace is the most valuable in the world, and it's hard to build, so it was built first as a directory. Graduated to a marketplace right? He graduated to a marketplace called eBay and MCAN and said, "This is an awesome idea, but you should be selling more stuff than just test containers."
He's my favorite tech billionaire because he was only in the business for less than a year, I think. One of the firms said, "Well, why don't you have a company?" He said, "You're right, I don't have a company."
So why don't we buy 70% of the company, and we'll leave you with 30% or something on those lines, but you have to lead. You can't do anything. He says he's likely. I'm out.
He's a billionaire because of that and anything else that's crazy. So you might find the thing becomes popular enough that it's not just model cars. Maybe it becomes model cars, diecast cars, antique toys, and who knows, right?
I think you answered my question. Way I already run an existing membership business in the model car space. It does okay, but I built it around me. So really I built myself a job out of business.
So I'm looking for some additional things where I can build towards exit and build ant for that way. Yeah, it's a terrible offer for that really is. The great news is just for you. I don't mean to disturb anyone, but if you have an existing property with traffic, adding directly to it will shorten your growth curve. Does that make sense?
Yeah. It's like me right now. We own homesteading.com, so we just put a most-to-market so we can... That's how we get traffic because I already had traffic. That makes sense.
Yeah. So converting a property. One thing we're doing right now is trying to buy block properties for nothing. I mean, buy big blocks for almost nothing right now because nobody's making money, and just converting to re-cites, which I'll talk about a little bit at the end.
Okay, yeah, thank you so much for asking my question. My pleasure. Tick. I'm Betty from Chicago. I don't know why it's Tick. You bet it's Chicago's Betty from Chicago. I'm so blessed to live in the suburbs of Chicago where we have a summer concert free every night, every tonight. We don't eat healthy, but we get to listen to great music.
So I want to build. I've typed a list of all the concerts and when they are and where they are. Now you've opened my eyes. I want to be a directory but it will be event-based. So in June, July, and August, we can remove June after we get to July and think...
Yeah, but the rent will do that for you. The systems will do it for you. You won't have to... Yeah, okay, you just save me the hours. I'm going to take it all. You'll be out. They all go out on a search every day.
If anything that pops up and drops in your directory and enhances it, that's what's to it. These are self-filling cows. They're a whole world. I'm so thrilled. Thank you. I'm Robert. I see that ran John pot that I said Robert was last time we will be the next round we open up questions of minutes Robert last time offered. While I'm breaking, I was thinking about what directory I wanted to build so I can get up the idea of the ultimate US home healthcare agency directory. The reason I thought about that is that I want to run by you because I built my app. I'm trying to go build trust through Facebook and other social media without an advertising budget.
I was thinking if I were to build my own directory and quote-advertise my home care protection app on that directory, I would almost have trust built in because I had a direct...
No one knows that the thousand percent... It's a great way for you to get discovery, and it's desperately needed. It's desperately needed. You're probably more important than yourself. Frankly, because people don't know good home healthcare from bad home healthcare, there's no real place where... I don't think that where those services are very well vetted, where consumers can post reviews.
I think it's a great use, very much awesome. I'm going to back over now and let's get back into training, all right? Are you familiar with the site too good to go? Yeah, you got to get stuck on them on occasion. I use the name for... Good different here and there, but you have to be smart about what's okay.
So I was going to say... Hear the yell went out, right? So can you hear me? Yes, cool. So why don't we... From it somebody yell out there, let's meet everybody yell out... We're here. Big jumble for you there's... [Laughter] Hall... As agricultural is the agency of organic because health and grower functional... We September... My specialty for importers special... The director includes as... Ves... Hop... Me... Show... Awesome that's... All right, thank you so much. I'm so glad to hear everybody. Thermal hot springs... Yeah, thermal springs and hot springs... Arks... That's... Awesome. That's just absolutely terrific. I think... Yeah, marketing agency is a lower... I mean... Gonna be... Yeah, to be more... Better than the... It's great because marketing agencies... Everybody out there says Mark can sling a cat... But who's bed? Nobody freaking knows a directory of mobile notaries, right? All these little services, nobody knows who's good and who's bad. You're vetting people in real time, using crowd vetting, right?
I know it's smart. I know you got it right away. So you guys have all these advantages, right? Let's vote on it in a minute. Don't you think about this for a minute? I'm going to run some numbers with you here, but if you look at... No, it's not an income claim, you're a success failure. A venture we completed based on your own personal efforts.
Okay, this is just an example, but if you're looking at... If you're looking at the average year-old, mature, honest average as if you're looking at 500 paid businesses. 500 businesses designed to join you to pay $20 a month, $29.49 a month.
That's $306,000 in just paid listings and lead generation. They buy each 2530000 grand news sponsorships, another 24,000 programmatic ads. That's what Google ads and the things that Azure or whatever... There's a you aggressive as a director because you don't have to pick somebody off personally.
It's not a personality-driven business, right? It's a totally different business. Everything else our Q is bookings you drop in tools which it's hotels.com to be at you can... Around our website book hotel rooms for people and make as... There's always build for directories' $600,000 great have $600,000 right? It wouldn't cost much to your software run hosting costs $60 a year. You have $570,000.
But even for a small directory like that, a small directory that's going to trade at somewhere in the 4X range. So $572000.04 X is $2,002,000 at exit and tell you these things are selling. They're selling, they're popping, they're selling.
The longer you came around, the more it's going to be worth. It's like holding a piece of real estate because of the thing we're talking earlier. The moat that's built as you get bigger and bigger makes it more difficult to compete with you.
When a company looks at you like... Reco me in K1, right? They look at and go, "We could build that. We could build a knock-off to Reco, but we got to start from zero. They've already got all these people coming every month to check coupons. We'll just buy that."
I think somebody spun up that Honey app the same way and sold it for a couple of million dollars. It's amazing how much these things sell for. So not only is there earning potential here, there's a greater potential.
That's one reason I get so frenzied excited about this business. So, now the party. You guys like money? So we're going to talk a little bit about money. The example I use up here, we only talk about five different ways to generate revenue. Five PayPal listings, generation user sponsorship program, MYCAds, and then the little stuff.
Right, already I'm going to cover the full monetization stack, right? 16 different ways. 16 different ways to make money from practically any directory. There are a whole lot more. When you get very specific directories, each directory is probably going to have four or five more monetization sources beyond...
We have four or five monetization sources beyond the generic list. But number one, pay listings. Number two, premium placements, number three, programming, cats, and LLM generation, like for instance, a place for MoM.
That's it. It's just a directory of nursing homes. I think they're somewhere the neighborhood of $100,000 for Legion, right? So it's crazy. Legionally all, newsletters, and hosted webinars. You want to believe when you become the authority in your space.
If you look at companies like Instacart, they're paying their big corporations tens of thousands of dollars for them to go on their list and host a webinar to tell them their farmers' directory about a new tractor from Caterpillar or a new truck from Ford, right? Books and reservations is what hotels call on our Q's. This is one of the things that we that will do very well with atms.com because we have an RFQ on every page saying, "Hey, are you doing the event? You want to get a request for quote when they ask for a quote if it's a really great client. We're to ourselves, it's that we don't serve our client. We're going to sell our quote off and our CUS are different than it is and our quotes are super legally.
That's saying I'm definitely going to spend $500,000 in six months on Anthropic who wants to bid on it's of reverse auction marketplace. We don't want to... We're going to sell too deeply here, but once you're directory, when you really make the most of the money in your directory is once that directory has built to a certain level and you've buyers on side, sellers on the other, and they're all talking each other like a model car thing. Now just like eBay or whatnot, which is now what is live selling? You've got the ability now since you have the traffic you don't have a technology company.
I'll be able to... I'll partner with you, right? But if you've got the traffic, you can turn that traffic into a marketplace. So now you get to the buyer, the seller, and as a... The middle. I'll tell you an interesting story about marketplaces. It's really fascinating lately. Does anybody know about a website called Fair? Does anybody know that website? Probably never heard of it. A few people want to...
Okay, more than I would have thought. So fair is a wholesale marketplace. Not really, but companies go on there and they say, "I manufacture this widget, I'm as to you, and it's like an Amazon for Wholesale Rights." Is that a way to describe guys that you guys are fair?
Yeah, but here's a secret nobody knows. Here's where Fair makes all their money. They offer everybody that goes fair that buys a line of credit. They say since you're buying, we're going to be $5,000 or $10,000 or $20,000 to buy with. Just apply over here, right?
They've got financing sources that will give you a lot of credit. So now they're not only giving you the marketplace, they're giving you the money to buy with. So the sellers love it because the buyers have money to buy with. The buyers love it because the buyers have money to buy with. Fair in between takes a transaction cost in the middle for making the transaction.
But here's part nobody thinks about: they make most of their money all-inancing commissions. So that line of credit is at, I'm going to say, 12%. They may be paying 9% wholesale for that line of credit.
So they're making 3% of your money before you even spend it. What are you spending on fair? Not they don't really care. They do prefer to spend on fair because their transaction fees in the middle, but they're finance fees.
So it's crazy. All the beautiful ways you can make money with the directory. So your marketplace fees, affiliate commissions, right? So we have a lot of things that we want to do. We don't have buses, we don't have limousines, nor ever know them.
But if I book you a bus, if I book you a limousine or a bus during your convention, I make 15% of that. You make a bus as for $4,000 a day. A bus is $3,000 a day. So I get 15% on that. That's $450 a day if you rent a bus through conmics.com. Print-on-demand swag junk. Coffee mugs that are about the industry, shirts are about the industry, and printed mugs are about the industry list wrinkles. This is really overlooked. We talk about a lot. I made millions of dollars renting out my emails, so I don't write my emails. List what's the difference? What the difference is selling mail. Saying "Here's my email list." Write my list is you pay me one time to send an email on your behalf. You pay me one time to send an email on your behalf, and that's all determined on the niche that you're in.
So for instance, if you're in the cat pictures niche, I'm not going to get very much for any riddle because there's not a lot. There's a big tick thing you can sell on that. But if you're in the... If you're a directory of dirt levers and you're selling bulldozers, right?
That's a whole different animal. I'm a caterpillar. Give me $10,000 to send out one email to 50,000, 60,000 people. By the way, that's the rate for about 50,000 farmers. It's $10,000 to send out one because they... Something about it. They make a $1 million combine of that. They want job boards. Every industry needs a job board, even the weird ones. Job boards are really well... You can be the Indeed of your niche. People think that
if you want to really run ads on Indeed and get a bunch of dummies that don't know anything about your industry, or you want to run it on arbor.com and only get people that know right? Selling your data, selling off data, third-party data, first-party data. We're going to talk about a lot. The market selling off data is enormous. It is terrible. Most 9% of spent garbage they charging clickly garbage, right?
So there's definitely going to be consolidation jobs down in the nations. Training certification. I'm doing this in my life, right? It's hard to sell training certification now because media costs high, but if you own the traffic and you don't have to pay for traffic, training certification programs are pure profit.
My favorite... I spend a lot of time on Friday and on Monday is associations. Most of the money that I make today, my regular mothering revenue comes in as an association. I mean, I've made... I don't know, I've made tens of millions of... Yeah, I've grossed tens of millions of dollars in association news. Tens of millions I'm to actually need it, but tens of millions in association news. I love the association business, and this is the perfect front end for the association business.
It's the perfect front end for the association business. It's the perfect front end for the news business. The perfect in for the SAS business, right? There's so much money here, guys. These are the 16 ways, and I'm going to be three more that are stacked on that. You guess what they are. More trust, more engagement, more pipelines, free traffic. What would you sell to your niche if you had free traffic? We don't even talk about e-commerce physical goods yet because I don't freak out.
That's a lot of physical goods. So Fridays Ready Day, right? Friday's Ready Day we're going to talk about advertising, sponsor listings, premium listings, memberships, email marketing, affiliate marketing, these guys, e-commerce, authentic sales, lead generation, data reports. Data reports. API access. Selling off API access to your data to other people who have directories, right? This is insensuous business in a good way, right? Courses in training, consulting, donations, paywall, content, bundles, and packaging.
I'm teaching two validation exercises. These are going to be like those secret holdouts. Take a hundred times your revenue. Hundred times your revenue over a normal directory and that's not my number. That's AI's number that's when I apply what we do to our directories. They tell you should get between x and x normal Brie how building payments the workflows that do all this you get it all on Friday everybody. So what's your objection?
You know what's your big callback, right? I'm sat right, I'll get crushed. I tell you how to do that, you won't Google LIS for programmatic pages. No, not if they're comprehensive, if they're thin. Yes, if they're comprehensive, not you know no business will link them into traffic.
That's why we go ahead and precede. We precede our directors. So you're going to go out and like, for instance, with me, I'm pulling 45,000 nail salons in and put them in nails.com. I think there are about 70-80,000 nail salons in the country, nails in the country, I'll pick them up on the way, right? Am I too late? Hey, no, AI made all this wide open for you, the objection to the tech builds. Jim, you don't need to TEC building. You don't need tech building.
If you want to build yourself're absolutely able to build yourself. Tomorrow you're going to be building live with Russell and with Julius. You know, the cost of somebody to build this for you is, you know, that's you're in a hurry.
That's if you got more. If you've got more money, then you've got time. Yeah. It's smart to hire somebody to build things for you. Generally speaking, I would tell, you know, it's not because they're going to build for the monetization the same way that we do. They're going to bud for general directory looks and things like that. The way we build it, the way if you had one of our teams build it, they're gonna bud the way I build it.
And you choose or not. I wouldn't do it especially honestly, I'm gonna I'm completely my own throat here, right?
Speaker 2 | 23:14
Well, I know that's not true either.
Neal McSpadden | 23:14
Because we charge money to do this, right? I'm going to kill my own thing.
Speaker 2 | 23:16
Thought, obviously it's over.
Neal McSpadden | 23:17
I would want to build one myself first so that I would know how to build them, because it's not that hard.
Speaker 2 | 23:19
The town... Of course it's over.
Neal McSpadden | 23:21
It's not that hard, right?
Speaker 2 | 23:22
Yes, it's a...
Neal McSpadden | 23:24
You know, those are the objections of everybody on Earth.
Speaker 2 | 23:24
You know, the actual thing is no less ne.
Neal McSpadden | 23:26
I don't have the a bud. I don't know, I don't I'm technical. All that you're going to get all that here you get all here. I don't want any money for it. I'm like people are new in my world that come in. They're like everyone I talk to. One more. People tell you they're in here from Ignite or Velocity or... What does it cost when we bring out a new piece of software? Ignite? How much is it? Zero, not a thing, $300. What's it about? How much do we bring out a new training like this for nights or for boss numbers? How much did you guys get here today?
If you're a night, you're last-ity. Or you know, how much is it for you to go to a live event that costs everybody else $500,000 when we do a boots-on-it or live or how much too... Krisp got Kristic. We don't make money that... How much more is that? What do we charge with that? Nothing. I'm like the opposite of 90% of the other markers. My goal is we're built like I built all my groups around the Amazon Prime concept. Charge a little bit and keep more and more free. The bar tab, it's your wallet on your head.
But other than that, he always says that because when I was drinking, I would be my bit and you'd have to pay it off. Exactly. So anyway, you don't have everything you need. You don't need to pay. You're going to do a little later and you're going to dig to work.
Yeah, why do you do it? Call surface I'm surfing after paying off scientists. You know I love you baby, I love you like maybe say maybe Billy and J. I was supposed to be here and I can use a drink. This the time? The day I get happy on a glass of wine. Start spilling beans.
All right, so somebody asked earlier, what about your domains? So how many of you have more than one domain that you don't right now, right? It's the number somebody wrote the number of domains you have. I'm curious. 62 to 12, that beats me. 7070, 2870, 100+, 500+, 1500. I don't have 1500 anymore. I turned back, I'm at 132-02-03270 data, I think is the 12032, yeah. 2000-2030, yeah. I'm going to give you guys a tool in a couple of minutes, and here's what you can do. That tool Steve brings 2400.
I know 4 of 400 number 09:40 quick. Greenspan, he just goes and picks up sloppy seconds. He's like, "Dude, you hang it in high school." I'm kidding you all. Anyway, so here's what you do. This is really cool. I'm going to be a tool in a minute. That you can drop your whole domain list in, and he'll tell you what domains and directors you could build on those domains. Would you just like that? Would that be pretty cool? Hell, yeah.
All right, stop it. It's okay. Agents build our directories, we don't build them, agents do, and that's what you're going to build tomorrow. Single creator agents are to build for you, right? This is the roll-up, right? You've got the ability to take your domains to start going out like I do if you want to and buy blocks you got in and block traffic for $500 around the web for 10 years, or just wait for their domains to expire, right? You can consider whole categories for pennies. Buy Facebook groups. I'm buying Facebook Reste so that I can convert to Facebook groups to directories. What about Facebook group?
That's got 500,000 for $5, which are out there all over the place, and then turn on to my directory. I'm going to get 2,000,3000 people on my directory for $5,000. It's cheaper than me buying the traffic to attract those people. Now these are things you have to do.
But for those of you who want to accelerate, there are some here. There are some of you guys that have more time than you have money. So I understand there are some of you guys who have more time than you have money. In that case, you need to learn, build, and grow for those who have more money than you have time.
That's the reason I ask you when you go to workprey.com. There's a question there. You know what's what level you're at, what do you want to achieve? Some people have more time and money. People with more money have more time. It depends on where you're in the world.
If you want more money, you have time. If you want to accelerate the process, then you can accelerate the process, but you don't have to. It's probably going to be smart for you people with more money to accelerate the process. You might be better off to build yourself so that you understand it. I always said I never want an auto garage because I don't have work on cars.
So if I want an auto garage, some guy can lie to me and tell me it takes two weeks to change a transmission. I wouldn't... Different, right? I like to learn how to do things and learn myself or bring somebody to my team to learn myself. Many people do that.
Maybe people come to do these things by themselves and have a full-time job. We got the people that have businesses they like. We got people with millions, they say, "I want to do this, I want to buy me that too."
That's a small percentage. This is a big idea, boring. This is a boring business. I don't want to tell you anything else. This is not exciting. You're not going to get famous. People aren't going to chase you down the airport and go, "Don't I know you from your blog or whatever?" They're not going to do it.
It's a boring business. But here's the thing: boring is the opportunity. You have a blueprint. The creators on treadmills, the owners assets is Billy. Let me say Billy, I didn't come in not to preach.
So every shocking promise today, every I show you today, should lead you to stop trying to buy yourself more work and spend your time building an asset. You don't spell an asset. Super funky. What the... I ugly, faceless, boring, unglamorous.
That's true with all this. If you want to be famous, this probably ain't it, right? It's probably not... If you want the next Alex Romos, he doesn't... But if you want to make money and you don't give a crap about all that other stuff, I think this is
a great opportunity right now. Yeah. So remember, you know it to number four years... Write down. No, you don't need it. You have everything you need tomorrow. You're not completely director tomorrow, but you'll get a damn start.
If you put a long weekend this weekend, there'll be... I can almost guarantee you by Monday when we do VP because VP people are always the most serious people anyway. I can almost guarantee you by Monday when we do VPS, some of you will show up with your director built. They might not be all the way built, but Dall-E...
All right. Yeah, not everybody will, but you're here as a group. You're together, I know these guys, Julius sends up and Russell are both great guys. They're not to leave anybody behind. They'll super you guys more patiently now.
That's the reason they need the bill. Because I'm like, "Don't get it, this time." But no, they're super patient, super easy to get along with, and I think you're going to love them. You got proprietary software to take and build with and no charge.
It's forever as kids say you changes Russell's sass because he is the most patient on Earth. If you're in ignorersysurdays, he gets TOSs... Whatever tech problems I got, and I think that's the... It's all pots hests to do if you've on calls you need a potinist to be on those calls you really did all right. So that's the whole point. That's a big idea.
So this works if you can screen shot real quick and you print out after today, by tomorrow when we come in and you really need to do this, you figure this out. I'm the director of Blank for Blank. Which family is it in? What income tax do I think about? What mode do I want to hit hardest?
You can calculate up what your income should be on one of these things. It's not that hard. I built a Google Sheet for you guys so that you don't have to take your own word for it. You can ask it and it'll help you to work out your numbers.
I'll want you, Tony, to screen-shot this thing for now. The bottom sentence is the one thing I'll do first. You need to do that by tomorrow and you're workshop because I'm telling you guys, if you say wait in this two weeks I'm going to start three weeks I'm starting to be never to do it, never do it so that she's got a shot out. Now I'm going to give you the slides. It'll be about 30 minutes. We're... I'm not done yet. Who took me off? Sorry, maybe somebody else...
Okay losers, just kidding here. I'll be sure we go all right, we're back to normal. All right, cool. So I'm... Give you the tool. It was a Gemini. I have a Gemini so I'm sorry. Could you go back one second for me please? This one... Yeah, I just shared the principle... Thank you so much. That's wonderful.
You see the... Guys in the chat. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Can anybody get that now? We're okay. So if you just... This workshop you often do... Do you know that I'm going to be with... Doodle. I really want you guys to do this, make money because it's not that hard and it's going to change a lot of lives. I noticed.
So I'm... The Gemini is harder for guys to use. Probe and checked your teeth. More people have it than others do. So what the tool does is it'll help you with your ideas. If you drop your whole domain list in, it'll help you pick the best monetization methods. It'll help you find the best angle, the best family to approach, etc. Does everyone want that? Or just no? What do you think? Awesome.
All right, so here are the two big takeaway things from today, just so you'll have a chance to grab both of them again. There's a list of directly ideas, learning directly ideas if you didn't get earlier's opportunity to get again.
There's Gemini, and ChatGPT custom GPT which is really well produced and well done, and I think you'll find it really helpful. What's the link to Gemini? I'll get it for you, but honestly, I don't think you want it.
I'll go and send it, and we'll send out the slides. I'll send a Gemini link with it, but this will take you straight to the... You don't need to script to list those. Yeah, somebody put the ChatGPT in. Let's put those two links back in, Tricia, please.
Links in the chat to the directory ideas and to the Gemini piece, yes, if you would please disconnect chat ladies for just a second. Morning, I'll move on and share it. Okay, perfect. So like I said, let's talk about Friday.
So tomorrow's Friday. So I'm going to integrate guys' and work on my directories while they're showing you and... Butture learn. So we're going to go through all different modernization methods.
If you notice number 13 the way it is a sleeper. If you want to make your property really popular, start giving away awards and best ups. You'll never be accused of spam if you're giving somebody an award.
It's crazy how it works, but we're going to walk through each one of these along with three really sneaky hacks. One called Dan Exhaust, Conquest Ads, and Tunstone Traffic. So those are two or three of my really secret ones and three PayPal models. We're going to cover newsletter publishing, SaaS software production, and associations.
So this is all Friday. I didn't have enough to do. We've all been pretty satisfied. If you got today the bill day and this monetization day, would that have been pretty good?
Yeah, no, because I'm an idiot because I buy myself more work, so I'm going ahead... We run out of... If we're out of time, I have to delete it. I'm going to... 21 traffic grabbing methods re directory.
Speaker 2 | 31:45
[Laughter].
Neal McSpadden | 31:47
Okay, so every way to gather traffic without having to spend money to drive more traffic. 21 ways to drive traffic back to your directory.
If you stack them. If you just choose to... Two of them, you're going to get 10% of the results. If you do to them, you're going to have a result if you... I'm getting the results. So that's it. That's what I got for you guys, but tomorrow... Listen, you need to come loading for beer, right?
Because this is... Jalis and Russell are going to be here to walk you through every piece of this. You have all your questions, technical issues, and things like that ready. I'll take questions if anybody's got any.
If you're deciding whether you want to work with me or the team, I'll leave this up here. I'll take questions. Feel free to go to workwithperry.com or scan that, and you can work with me and the team on anything you... If you're with people we're just so busy we can't... Somebody help. You're more than happy to do it.
But it's not our primary purpose for being here. You're here. You paid me to learn this, we're going to teach it to you. Soup to nuts, but if you want to accelerate, this is an accelerator. Okay, I have a question. I don't care, I'm not going to answer it. You can't help me now. Go ahead. Which question? I'm a former truck driver. I was thinking about a niche of free parking by city. A man...
But you know where else that's really good? It's RV owners, right? RV owners are always looking for places. There's a whole niche of these van dwellers. Have you read about them? They're people living in advance. They're trying to figure out the best places. They're called covert campers.
It's a pretty interesting idea. They'll convert a van, and they try to make it not... They try to make it an empty vehicle, and they try to get out places they can park and sleep overnight. It's a big deal.
Yeah, that would be awesome because I was an air bus driver. I worked as a truck stop as I was at the Petro truck stop in West Arks. I've been there before. I've stayed there once many times. That's one of the busiest stops in the country. I used to Airbus, yeah, very much so, yeah, a lot. Lizards everywhere, lizards and drug dealers.
Yeah, but anyway, I used to Airbus, I saw an Airbus shot there, and it was a big problem that... Don't people think about it? TARS can't go most places. They can't go visit most places. Parking lots haven't walked out. Walmart's very welcome... Used to be for over-the-road drivers' still... No, I only like three parking lots by city, and then you'll list a man's side nearby, managed walking distance to them, and restroom availability. Thank you, trucks.
It's crazy what you can do if you start with the worlds that you know. That's the right way to do it. One of the things that's really interesting, I bought a domain years ago. I bought it for... I found a domain option for $150 a long time ago.
I know I was... It's CD.com, and it's been sitting undeveloped for all these years. So they're developing right now. They're going to show that as an example tomorrow. Are you Russell for which one? The city, do yes.
So we do have that for an example. We're building SAP, so why what I want to be the director of city dumps? Why how could I possibly make... Do that? I know no bunking, no exactly junking. Leads are about $85 a lead right now.
So everybody goes to the city and finds... It's going to cost some $70 to drop yourself a dump when they have somebody come pick it up. I can sell at $8. You've got to think a little bit on what you're going to do and what he thinks.
I have one other question with that notion that is just thinking about it limited... I'm not thinking that it matches a lot of the monetizations... It may not think about how we monetize it, but the thing is that truckers use it a lot. There are a lot of advertisers, mostly trucking companies recruiting drivers. They advertise veraciously.
So if you have a lot of eyeballs, right, if you have bus drivers, you're going to get advertisers. I would get as advertising trucking magazines those are going to be your advertisers and your sponsors. Thanks, David. Lenny, yes, I have.
Well, this has been a great unlock, and I just know coming into it how I would use it. Now it's very clear to me. So I'm an estate agent and I'm near National Park, and my specialty is a short-term rental. Every
day... Yeah, so I have actually licensed data. I licensed from AIR DNA, all their data for my market, and I paid them like a grand a year. But basically, I did that because I wanted to build a better app than their app on top of their data to service my investors.
But my question is as I think about going from a tool for my specific investors where the payoff is basically the commissions I make and turning that into something that's more general. So number one, I have... I'm deep in a very specific geographic location.
And I... The potential partners are other realtors, which are such a competition and all my referral partners. So my contractors, my cleaners, and that's all great, and they would probably love to be on my platform.
But I guess the question is how do you make a decision between servicing your core business with your directory and monetizing it beyond that, including essentially enabling competition? I call it playing in the sandbox or playing on the beach. You can concentrate a little too much on your own business. The thing is, yes, the realtors are competition, but so what?
I'd rather serve... I'd rather have a little bit of the realtor's business to get hundreds of mine. I can give them leads on a basis, and you can establish yourself as a very established thing. Or you can either do it on Zillo with a partnership deal or you can sell them leads or you could... You can still have the ability because you're with the platform, right?
You know the platform. I'll tell you a story. Somebody who's become a billionaire from a directory without ever selling anything in just a second. Maybe a billionaire close to a billionaire. But you're the only person that gets to see down into the thing. You can see the leads are coming in. You get to see the activity. You're the only one, right?
So if you get a lead that wants to buy a 10,000-foot chateau on the side of the mountain somewhere, guess why they leave? No one knows. You follow, right? Nobody has to know who owns the directory, right? You never tell anybody you don't want to, so let me tell you a story about that. I never thought of this until just right now. How it pays to directly...
I've talked about this story a hundred times. I never thought about it being a directory, but does anybody know what AngelList is? Yeah, I invested many hundreds of thousands of dollars as well. My best friend is a guy named Kamal Rabkhan, his brother is Naval. I'm your best friend.
Okay, sure, and I'm just... You are like the sister, and everyone... I'm just... I like you, kid, but Naval Rabkhan owns AngelList, yeah. How much does it cost to list your... An AngelList answer? Nothing, yeah. How much does it cost to be an investment AngelList answer? Nothing, right? The yellow slice, they used to get.
That's new. They used to not have that. They used to get any of that. But what he got was the ability to look down over this maze of investors and businesses and see where all the heat was, you know?
So he would go say, you know, he's looking at he's watching Mark Andreessen talk to the guys at Instagram, right? Markers to guys Instagram. He called up and say, hey, I like your startup. I put 50 grand your startup. I'm a nice guy, know, Dan?
Well, we're about to roll out a million dollar valuations to Facebook, right? So having that proprietary data lets you have a. You're in a catboard seat over the top of all the data. So like, for instance, if somebody's looking in a house nine millions, you know it's gonna sell for everybody else's gonnall.
So you don't want to try to get an action on that. You can't. Like you said, all the other service providers, all the other things, they're not going to get terribly excited about one realtor's property, but you can start selling leads off to one companies, and that's a big money.
But your point is pretty good too, because everything I've been doing, I've been branding it myself, right? Yeah, copy. But if I make it generic, just one of the buds on the platform, nobody knows it's me because I reluctant to. You just have to be you have to be a key sponsor.
Yeah that's [Laughter] that may be the president right that you see we don't ims.com right we sales.coming withst com any more we're now being provided by snap events we Snap event snap events is one of the event providers along with others you follow.
I'll create two, they compete with each other. No, great, let you get it. All right, thank you, sir, appreciate it. Ham. Hey, Gary, he. Hey, so, I worked in the nonprofit space, and, I think it would make sense as a nonprofit I directory, which would be really helpful to them right now because it's like there's so much out, there's no want to about it, right? Exactly.
Yeah. So, I want to ask about the Mainain names, but, what I'm thinking right now is that I would have both tools and consultants on there, and there would be like a nonprofit fit score for the tool that they.
That's a great idea. So it's another write an algorithm for that, right? You just write people are algorithm. I think it's complicated. It's not, it's just a set of rules. You can say, ask these 20 questions to see how, you know, just like we do with politicians, ask these 20 questions to see how conservative or how liberal they are. You talk about their voting record, whatever. Same is true with the tools.
Yeah. So it was helpful because I'm gathering, you know, great information on them. But I'm just curious about your thoughts about domain names and whether to just go like, you know, straight, you know, softball down the lane to, like, nonprofit guy directory versus like, Zoho or eBay or something like.
Yeah, there's a really great there's a lot of things considered there. It's much different than it used to be. So I'm very much a prime domain owner. I own some, you know, five, six million dollars of domains, if you believe the vis.
And I started to sell off some of mine last year. I was going to selling dot com and I haven't yet, you know, a couple bucks for it. But I ask, I said, I asked should I sell? My domains are not are they going to be worth or less moving forward.
And here's what they said most domains are going to be worth less. Prime domains are going to be worth more, and here's why. And association domains can be very valuable. Here's why. Moving forward, most people want to search for things with the eye. How many results?
Say I give you typical one three. If you ask, who's the best person to do so? So they'll use a 3, right? So let's say I say, you know, what's the best place to get sewing great sewing patterns? So there are three.
So one is bettysewingpatterns.comsewingbet.com or sewing.com. Which one are you going to trust? The most. From me. I you follow? So. I would try to go with a name that's probably the most trustworthy sounding. There's a couple of domain strategies we talked about. Goo is that like it could be AI for Nonprofits dot com? Pretty simple, right? Straight down the lane, as you say. Some people will, you know, it's straight hard to get four letter or five letter single syllable names now, like clover.
Right? Let's say you want to be. Let's say that you were your thing was gonna be bullfrog and your bullfrog a right bullfrog, whatever. You can still use the short name and put thescript name immediately after it.
So, like, I've got a thing called Haystack. So Haystack is a SEO agency. So give me Hays SEO, right? Where you've got your cool Brandle name up front and clearly what you do. And I think that's going to be important.
I think that a lot of these domain names that are just goofy made up words. I think they're going to harder times moving forward. I don't think they're going to trust authority. They need to be served well in AA but that's a theory that is not a fact.
So I don't know, that's my mentality. So for something like would you consider nonprofit a directory like a valuable or something that is I'm nonprofit for it for nonprofits or something. I try to get a little more. I wouldn't be that long, it's pretty long.
Okay, yeah, or hub, yeah, hub, I hub yeah if you have to. But you know what? Here's the guys and I'm going to get myself a minute. Have you looked up a for nonprofits? I looked up non profitd directory not available.
It's that long though. But you look a for non profits are not. Here's thing people call me up and they'll say well, I want to get them something. They come with some stupid names. It's not long, and I'll say, "What about this or that?" All the time, it's not available.
Well, it's not available. You're on people. Here's the dumbest thing I've ever... He'll say, "I've got a bunch of its ones." Do com... And I swear to the number of times people have said to me, "I can't believe that was available." I just looked dumbfounded.
Yeah, it was available for $125,000. Yeah, it was available. Most domains are available unless there's available to that property, and sometimes those are available. But when people don't want to spend $500 to buy a domain they're going to build a business on, I just want to slap them around because I came out of retail, and you got to pay a $5,000 lease. You're signing your name on a million dollars to stick a sign in the front door before you ever put in a piece of inventory.
If you can buy the domain that suits you well, buy it, right? Why anybody want keys.com anyway? It's just a stupid name I don't understand. I'm messing up. What do you think? Okay, that's a gravel thank you. IA, a quick question. We talk about BB BC, and we find out who's paying, who's using it. Good question.
I think both work. But I think the person's going to pay you the most money. Your business right now is built on PayPal players paying you. No, I got probably way better off to build building a basement court thing.
Yeah, no, I directory... Yeah, I think so. But other than that, where people are going to pay for... Are you not talking about something that restaurants are going to go to find the best experience special machine? They're definitely... What do you think about it? That's a good example. You said you... So we don't think that right?
Yeah, what the definition of a B is. Yeah, but here's the thing where would you go to get that data? Now if you're them, Amazon, Google, Amazon's reviews are not going to be valuable for a $25,000 piece of it. They're going to want...
If you look at now in space as a manufacturing business, I'm a licensed manufacturer plant in Texas, and we're buying equipment like that every day, right? I'm very frustrated that I'm just having to guess. I'm going to read and I'll finish it to try to figure out which commercial dehydrator I should buy because nobody knows.
Yeah, so there is definitely a market for things like, for instance, I don't show not but for a makeup choice, I'm a makeup choice. So we're building a directory that has one and a half million pages in it for basically every makeup product in the world where we answer the questions people want to know. Is it hypergenic? Is it animal-test? Is it good for Asian skin? Is it good for African American skin? Does it have parabens in it? All these questions that Amazon isn't going to tell you, Salesforce isn't going to tell you, follow...
Yeah, I do. So I guess what we're doing with that... Yeah, we're primarily as an affiliate who pays 50% if they go ahead and buy that product. Here's the great news. Let's look at the five best red hair dyes in the world. I don't, right?
Yeah, I can care list. You call me. Yeah. The message chat was always in the common section. Please... [Laughter] Just... No. Yeah, Claude is functionally retarded, and I don't want to offend anyone who else is actually functionally retarded. He is one of the dumbest people I've ever known.
I mean really, I think he's smart that's why they... That's the only reason people... I love it. Ted drew over Adam Williams any day of the week. I love Claude. All right, Rico, what's up? We're going to go for a 31 because Perry, he always finishes right on time. Questions, right?
Yeah, okay, the question I... Thank you again. About two years ago, I had in traffic conversion and Hughes associates, and I jumped on that and got my associate that my associate has gotten me more speaking events, business, and I just recently... Date was actually an automotive field, and my association was ranked right with the National Automobile Association as well.
I'm going to be... You folks don't try to as tech. Don't try to learn and try to dissect. Just do what I do when I say something I want to do, it's idea one book a couple of years ago, create that's created in business because I write a book, and I join or other train and deal with as it once's. Don't try to overthink this thing for all of you coming up with 15 million reasons why not do this. Just listen to what you say, do it, and it's proven in fact that it works. I just want to say you... Thank you, Ray boss, you're normal check for that. I appreciate it. [Laughter] Mr. I'll pay you right now. Am I going to send a dollar PayPal? I send $10 to something game. [Laughter] You can't remind me of my CS, and I like the tattoos come on at any time.
Maybe. Watch out, he has a BBC fish, I think. All right, Steve. Hey, so I'm crossing your head, slapping right in the face, and there was a warning I was going to directory for a local community, right?
For local businesses, I never owned that my way. After this three hours, I just went with you. I like going bigger. Yeah, so tell me, should I stick with my record that I'm halfway built, or do I just shift gears and go for financial advisors directly across the world? The answer is yes.
Yeah, I don't know, but how should I know what you should do? I don't know. That's really... It's all of you. I just give you.