---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:00
Give you the little bit of... I'm the... Today we're talking about... I'm one chapter in the book. Yeah, you know, I'm not much more than you guys... You guys got really great people work with me. I'm very lucky.
I've got great people working with me. I've got Russell, Richard, Saka, Tricia, Angie, and all the other people on this call, even... I'm even sometimes thankful for Emma. I got great people working, but I think they're no experts right now. The Arab experts over...
You're waiting for somebody, the expert in online directors, they'll be... They're going to be over before their experts, right? Then they'll be the next thing. What you're saying is like, "Go with it."
Yeah, I think this is... Maybe both. Thank you, John. Don't kill yourself, Robbin. Hey, I don't... I get your questions. Keep your hands on the road. Look at the screen. Stop looking at the screen and... We're going to joy in the middle as is going to scrap as experience for everybody, all right?
So I'm going to get to... But it's a peripheral vision, all right? So you talk about real quick that the sites are going to be like sel-populating, they're going to grow on their own. Can you just elaborate about a minute on that? Is it really...? OD we have content blogs.
I mean, what's got it depends a lot of ask any question, but it depends on the type of director ability. So's for instance, you're going to build local direct that keeps about all local events in your community, right? I would just set a set of alerts that alert my agents every time somebody posts a new event on Event right or in Google Events or anywhere else, and it would scrape that in and pull that into my directory. Enhance that data list on my directory.
And there it will be. Right. Or if, for instance, I'm in the medical field, I might pull press releases of all the released medical studies or published articles and have directly... We have new medical breakthroughs. All this data, there's billions of pieces of data being put out every single day on the web.
That's what they call unstructured data. So it's unstructured data. All we're doing is saying, "I go out, pull it in, organize it, enhance it, and make it better and give it a face." It's really not complicated.
It depends on, for instance, if, for my nail directories, right? That's probably going to change a lot. Not going to a lot of nail salons are going to come up, some but not a lot. But what will change every day is reviews to those reviews.
So content continues to be added to them, they'll continue to grow whether I want them to do or not. You have to watch for spam too. So you have to look... There's a bit of extra work to do and keeping up with spam and stuff like that.
But you're going to start by seeing a base level of content. You're going to start by adding a certain amount of content that list to start with, and that's starting recipes are starting ingredients and this is going to grow on its own.
As direction you can... I don't know which direction grows... Care that it grows. Does that make sense? It does. Okay, and I guess we'll talk about that tomorrow, right? Yes. Okay, and the next question is when we talk about globally...
Okay? We're going to have names to our sites and domain names that might not be able to make any sense to other people all across the world. I guess I'm going to say the same, but it's like going to be able to translate the... Like the auto translate for the most part.
Okay, thank you, Victor. So what's all singing over there? Yeah, building, machine selling print on demand stuff and like Multamily estate. Those are two niches that I was thinking about. Estate does something about the print stuff.
Yeah, I've been in my apartment building since 2015. So that's been my main wealth driver and passion over time. So, yeah, we're going to stop at how that's going to be our last app too.
Yeah. So the main question is, what do you think? I know panel demand transfers, all this stuff in detail, and so what do you think this directory would benefit from? That side, there are all kinds of... Right now, I'm noticing that it's in the detail business.
It's really interesting how many people now are competing in the Google Sheets business. You could have Google Sheets printers, a directory of something like that where you're doing backfills for people. I could see that being popular. I could see that being a directory of... It's not...
It's a directory because I'm having this challenge right now. I've got Amaki, a giant... Piece of a hundred thousand dollars worth. I can't find anybody to work on. I'm desperate looking for a good tech, and there's no directory, there's no good directory of print equipment technicians.
Yeah, that's true. There's no such thing. It's desperate, and I'm bored. I'm building a boring machine now with ARP because somebody else has to run the thing. I finally found somebody coming next week to work on training.
But the first month to find somebody, and guess what? I don't know if they're worth a shit or not. I don't have any idea, but I could see that being an incredibly valuable tool for the print industry, and what you've got there, guess what? Selling some equipment?
Yeah, you know, parts all... Yeah, I actually have technicians too, so someone that's my mom. All right, where's in Vegas? That's awesome. [Laughter] Okay, I'll... TED all right, all good. Yeah, well, cool.
Yeah, thank you for that. But the other thing I was thinking of is seeding the initial list of all the print shops that I have in my database could be a print shop directory. I don't know if there would be any value in doing an factual... Probably, I know, yeah, that would probably... I would guess be a lesser value. I'm not sure, I really don't know.
Yeah, okay, so I run it in the chat in the project. Cool, yeah, I think you can see you, Danny. First of all, I'm extremely grateful for this workshop and massacre. You're actually helping people. My mind is blown that I don't have to buy big tech. Is passion important for a bunch of money you gotta... I'll give you a minute, I'm... Is passion important on this, or is it better to go the boring route? The count is better for focus and getting the thing done.
Okay, here's the thing, passion will likely be most important in it. Maybe you'll just do it. Should passion be what you select your business from? Absolutely not other than motivation.
So I don't need motivation. I'm extremely motivated. I'm motivated by a motivated guy. I'm really motivated by money, by the game of the money, right? So I don't care if I'm selling tampons or torpedoes, it doesn't matter to me.
But the only way I would say that passion really matters is if there's specialized knowledge needed in an area, then passion matters, right? Specialize knowledge matters. But I'm the only thing passion does for you is get you off your ass and maybe you'll do something.
But people pick really dumb vertical sometimes because I'm passionate about picking flowers on the desperate... Well, great. No one's buying that shit, right? So yeah, I always... My biggest argument is that you know what? Waste management is right, yes, no. Do you think the guy knows waste management is passionate about garbage? He has... When he writes checks, he has 55 gusts of jets.
Yeah, I'll take the jets. I got to be... I'm passionate about... I'm a believer in taking my money and going after I earn money, doing whatever I do, then going doing passion things with the money I earn. I just wanted to work, so I want to pick...
That is not to make it work. Making you work what's going to make you work what's going to make it work? Yeah, how many courses have you taken in the last five years? You would not speak to me if you... How many?
Yeah, and I've carried out so many things... I'm a hot sauce company, I have a food trailer, I've had three restaurants. Anyway, you're semi-but not enough going. Sometimes I... My stupid franchisees anyway, but I just want it to work, so I want to pick because I got it definitely works.
I mean, it definitely works. It's a matter of whether you're going to work or not. Just if you want to go, if you're going to be passionate about it to get you off your ass, then maybe passion's a good thing.
Okay. All right, I'm going to do it. Thank you guys. For those of you who raised your hand after Perry said I was the last one, I put your hand on. We'll get more questions tomorrow. So... The question we're asking since we come tomorrow morning, tomorrow afternoon... Melody, hello. You... Next... Mike. Hi. I'm using your butt while you were going through questions.
Because I had a question and then I forgot it and I was like, "All right, let's just go use the bot." So I used the bot and answered the questions and it came up with a couple of ideas and it even gave me the domain name.
So I tend to jump... Be done. So I wouldn't... Everyone's about a domain name and I think that's the first thing they should do. It's really not domain things like mine, a piece of exercise equipment. You're fat, right? You have exercise. I'm not saying you're fat, you don't fail, but... [Laughter] Fat people. I'm a fat person, and you're watching TV, eating ice cream, and a bag of chips, and commercials on, and you buy a piece of exercise equipment. You really feel like you've done something when in fact, you haven't done shit.
Right? There's an interesting side story on that. Dan Kennedy I love told me... Do you? If they're selling exercise equipment on the Internet on TV, if they don't show three times in a commercial how it folds up and goes under the bed, it won't sell. A lot of people already know. They know before they buy it they can use it, [Laughter] right?
So right, Al Greco, he has 900 beds if anything else on his bed right now. But yeah, I probably... Run out and grab it. Chances are you'll get fully bed and buy by Friday. You're going to know if you're still motivated by Friday after in to build the weekend. I can't build it every week. I just played with your directory mentor, and I got my interest in the things I do and came up with an idea which is just everything that I do.
Then I asked for a domain in the domain so that's why I was wondering. I just SLA it's there you face. All right, fair enough, I'll thank you. Thank you, Al Greco, everybody so brown. As much as I love your all your pros, anything I can... Just a whole bunch of today, which I hope I got a replay on the show. If I got a chance, I don't know the wrong...
I'll be here for a few days. It's big, it's a file, and have to run down. Okay, I'll get the way it back in then. Question, and I apologize if you've already touched on it. Is this the kind of thing you throw a whole bunch of shit against the wall and see which one sticks? Or is this something I think it's a bit of a commitment to build one? They are generally self-managing, they're not always self-hygienic.
So let me explain what I mean by that. You're going to put... There are certain safeguards we're going to put in to keep people from spamming the boards and putting spam comments in and things like that, but they do sometimes require a little policing.
So it's not... You don't want to build hundreds of them, you're going to build a box of them a week or something and just hope that they all work out. I mean, I've told you guys stuff you can do that with before. This is not one of those. This is building an asset.
If you're going to build an asset, you like any other asset, you're to invest time. You might catch a lot of money and get data. For me, like tms.com, I'm spending $20,000 in data, just the raw data. Twenty grand, and there'll probably be another $1,000 in AI to enhance the data.
But I'm talking about an 800,000-page site. So it's a different level. If I wanted to build nails.com, the AI and they'd done everything together, it's probably going to cost me... I don't know. Russell would know, but I'm guessing less than $200.
You've got sites where the data is public, like Impor Genius. It costs no money in data and very low money in tokens. It could be done practically for free and most of the most local things could be done for free, right?
So it depends. I wouldn't just throw a million against the... Well, I've got a friend of mine now, Dan, who's one of the members in Texas. I don't think he's not, but he's doing his hands. Local newspapers.
So he's local records for small towns and he does have an engine that builds several of them a day and he's rolling out a lot of them. But Dan has a lot of money. He has a lot of resources and can afford to lose.
So it really depends on where you're at in the journey. Okay? All right, ladies and gentlemen, so what we're going to do... Let me hobble here and share really quick. Yeah, I'm going to put that back up and we'll leave that slide up for the last five minutes or so. Do you think you're going to need more help working on tonight? We're happy to work with you.
Scan out... We'll see if it's good or not. If it is right, that's totally cool. Tomorrow you got to be here. It's a GPT lot. No GPT works, and some people reported it didn't work for them, but I tried it and it worked fine for me, so I'm not sure what's going on there.
Sometimes when they're hit by a lot of people at the same time, they'll slow down, but as the night frees up, they'll be fine. The Righteous Gemstone show. Okay, scale one 2000. How do we do today? One two, a thousand, how do we do 10,000?
I mean, okay, great, 950. I'm just kidding, all right, I'm so glad you're here. I hope we get a lot of today and tomorrow. I promise you, it's going to be better because these guys actually do this stuff to build stuff. They're the experts in our space. They're going to be playing things together. You're going to love them, the guys.
I'll be here with you tomorrow and I'll do some PA in the beginning, and then they've got so many tools for you guys. So many tools. Somebody bought so many ways to gather data. All the things that you guys are going to need to do the actual build. I'm going to go back and watch them and do that along with you. Tomorrow and Friday, we'll come back in to Monitization and Traffic, and I think you guys are going to have a really awesome time.
Thank you all for being here. And as always, thank you again. Mention... Because there are people who want to keep going with questions. We put their hands down, and they're in the chat, and they want to answer questions. Perry is going to come on at the beginning of tomorrow and answer your questions. You're not being pushed off.
We are going to answer your questions, just write them down to remember them, and come tomorrow loaded, and we'll get your questions first thing. So he's got another... So sorry to push guys with answering first thing... The TED grammar on my site... Honey, you don't realize how much I don't care. I've been missed by... My mother used to always say... My dear, lovely, sainted mother used to always tell me I couldn't spell shit. I had an athle, so... [Laughter] I'm pretty awful.
So thank you all so much for being here. Like I always say, the last thing thanks... Let me do what I do for a living. Because you guys, I get to learn, share, and teach all this stuff, and it's a great gift.
I appreciate your trust. I earn it for those new. For those of you who've been there a long time, we know the haps. Thank you so much, great people. The lots of people driven people are here. Thank you for your support.
I hope you enjoy the day too. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you for being.