---
date: 
type: 
attendees: 
client_name: 
entity: 
project_code: 
roles: 
strategies: 
source_transcript: Krisp.ai
---

Neal McSpadden | 00:05
Yes, I Slack it to you as well as put the document. So we have a question. Yeah, let me hold on one second. I don't forget where I'm at. Okay, let me put this API key into the degree builder. That's probably... I have the API key now, actually. I just go back up here probably and drop it in the API box. One second, guys, you wait to finish quick, and then I'll drop the API, and they'll finish up.
So this is... But I don't know. You know what exactly... You explain exactly what this thing's doing right now. Would anybody like that? Yes, I would let it too, but I don't have any idea. I don't know how to get the data from the into the direct.
It's so crazy you just tell it. So all I did look back here is let's attorneys across the US. Just generic, I hope to get up... May not have that. You may need to get that from API. So there are a bunch of ways you can get data. You can get it from API like if it's data but it's convenient and it's cheap.
If I go to API and I type "attorney," there you go straight lawyers LAS contacts from Google Maps. The pricing is $75 a thousand. So you have to pay $75 for this particular actor, and it'll pull everyone in America for you, and we'll upload that into... Indirectly correct.
That's correct. Yeah. Super Lawyer would even be better, because they're... But a lot of the bar... This is a Texas bar. So the Florida bar, you can go to each of the bar associations. It's likely free, right?
Let's see, Texas Bar Association free API of lawyers they do not offer free API... Let's see data set. There you go. So there's a dataset in the state of Texas, and it's completely free. But you can either do this one at a time, one state at a time, download it, and it's ready for you, or you can just go to Appify and have Appify pull it all for you, and it's probably more up to date. I trust the data from Appica, they're pulling data from Google. Does that make sense?
Yeah, that was my big business. I was trying to figure out how to get the data to put into the... Yeah, so simple. So you just pull data from... There's a lot of government data. There may even be a list of lawyers nationwide on GitHub.
So there you go. That sales doesn't see very... Yeah, there's a sample dataset they're trying to sell you so... But Bright Daddy has it by the way. There are a bunch of people that have it. It's that they sell it all over the place. The best place to go to get it centrally is here.
Then you'll find like paper usage or paper event. Let's see, those are usually here. See all usage. So they're charging $20 per lawyer, which is a lot, right? That was $75,000 to $7,500 lower.
So you buy all you want, right? But there are a lot of bracks you can build on how to buy data. Did that answer your question? Yeah, I did. I thought they were all in the model but not so... You go find out... Hello, did I lose anybody? I can hear you okay. An answer phone... I got the help that... Thank you.
Okay, cool, so we'll keep up to date here on our... Yeah, CO is almost done, by the way. Yeah, you were you created this and then went back into the SEO. If I'm mistaken, my limited use with Replic is that it uses tokens as you talk and have it do different things. Would it be more efficient to have a longer, more in-depth conversation with ChatGPT before you had to create a prompt for web? Potentially, but I don't...
It all depends on where your brain's at, right? I don't care. It's going to cost me to have a CO on its... We'll see how much it is, but I'm guessing it's less than $5, you know what I mean? It would have less tokens if you had it create the site and do the SEO in one pro with West. I don't know, I just don't care. I built a property for $5 and I get for $5. What do you want, right? I don't really care. There are times when we used to hang a lot and we ate a lot of tokens.
It's a lot smarter. So it really doesn't eat tokens the way that they used to. But it'll show us the... It's done with this forational. Tell us what charges us TOS this whole property. And you remember there are 1500 pages in this property.
So it's a lot to SEO but these things on SEO 1500 pages, right? If you look back at the one that I was doing earlier... If you look back at the most... Don't know this either. You can have open and running multiple projects at the same time. I do this a lot, but if you look back at the one that I held earlier, the Sourdo one. I had a point. I can remember this whole thing. Calculator in all I can look... I forget how you look at how much a project costs you because I have a look, so it really doesn't matter to me.
This whole project, super nuts probably cost me $10-12 dollars. All the calculators on the front. The director recipes on the back, everything. So I don't really consider I don't really worry about the tokens too much. Granted, you gotta do...
So I can afford to do that, but it's not really that much in the grand scheme of things. I mean, if you build... It's almost possible for you to build a directory that's not going to make... If you put any monetization at all, that's not going to make a few hundred dollars a month.
So I don't care if it's $12 or $14 or $16. I care less. It really doesn't bug like what it used to. It's so much better. This was, by the way, the answer to your question. It's smart about it. It's just a little... I said, "No, you're great." This is the Mars I've ever been on, and it's the first one, I think, where the host actually cared, so I appreciate that. Thank you.
I've been around this business for 25 years, right? Only because I insist that people get an ROI. I'll take a hundred thousand dollars from somebody. I'm not against taking money for people.
I have people coming and paying $25,000 to build their businesses up, but they've already got a million-dollar business. They want to be a millionaire. I insist that every dollar somebody spends me, they get at least ten times their money.
That's the reason I got a thousand people in. Almost two thousand people. Three masters now. Other people can't sell them because they just don't give enough.
It's a simple equation to me, if you win. Ziggler said something that I've got to... Ziggler once said something that I'll never forget a lot of... You heard it. You can get anything you want in life, as long as you help other people get enough other people get what they want. I live by that, I really do. Thank you.
So, yeah, this is probably... This one's pretty done. I don't know why the rest isn't showing up on the site unless you log in. I'm going to show it for everybody, and you notice to do this thing. One of the things I want to pay attention to is this.
So one, I'm not asking them to log in, I'm not asking for money. I want to use the tool first. I'll get the money on the back. Here's what's great about these when you build a tool like this or directory, that's very useful. You can share that in Facebook groups. You can share that and read it. Nobody's going to get mad at you if you put out something that's... You're instantly asking for money. I call it bitching. I call it pitch-flipping people.
If you're immediately saying, "If you want to use my tool, you've got to get money that you can't share well, you're going to share the group's store that, right? I tore them up on social up. Geez, I can't turn off this damn microphone."
It's really going to slow down your growth. I suggest that when you build these things, you want to build them to create masks as soon as possible. So a lot of times I want to build a calculator or use a tool in front of it in the front so that I'll probably build for that. I probably be a useful tool for that API directory building in front.
So they've got a useful tool and the directory. That way, when people want to do something, it's really easy for them to go there and use that tool and do it and hook around your directory at the same time.
If you'll notice, I was going to show you. If you go to the sourdough recipes.com or sourdoughrecipes.org for sale. Go why don't do this? Husowswes.org. Everything on here is free, and I've got a couple of things here there're interesting. I'm going to show you some things that I've created.
So this is a homepage, and everything that's really useful is wide open and free for them, right? They've got different calculators built into here. I re-did all this. It all I did was ask ChatGPT to write me a list of all the sourdough calculators somebody would want if they were making sourdough bread. Didn't get me a list, and then I went back. I'm selling. Stars starter for $5. I don't make any money from it, but I'm selling hundreds of orders a day, so I'm bud a massive list of buyers. How much? A few dollars to sell,
but... My real goal is to sell a $5,000 starter home bakery business in the back. So down here I've got a bread pricing calculator. All the cottage industry laws for every state. A batch planner and a breakeven calculator. A label generator for your bread.
So these are incredibly useful tools. This label generator... Somebody sells one of these for $1,295 a month right now. I'm going to get them for free. So they're going to use... These tools are crazy, but I'm going to start tracking and putting tracking pixels on anybody that uses any of these so I can start advertising my $5,000 web them. These people...
I'll just advertise my starter to eventually the top of every calculator. There'll be a little bar here that says "Get your free starter from sotsar.com" TED bar, but I'm not going to put that yet. I don't have any commercial intent in this yet, but one of the things you'll see here if you go down to the... Where is it? I guess it's the bottom.
Yeah, there's an Aardo Coach, right? If you click Aardo Coach, they have to have a password, right? So I only give this away to the public, but as a bonus, a part of my upsell stack. I give away the Aardo Coach in my upsells when people buy starter, but they can only get it if they have a password.
So people are looking for this. The other thing here that's sneaky... Not sneaky, really, but they can't save any of these recipes. They can't save any of their stuff. So when we get down here in my kitchen, no starters yet, they have to sign in. You're in guest mode. Your data is temporary and shared. Sign in for a private account and they'll sign in there to become a... That doesn't cost anything, but I get an email address from this front.
So if I can get 10,000 people using this thing wide open for free, it costs me almost nothing. I don't have anything... Here's burning up API APIs for... This is all calculated stuff. It doesn't require AI. This requires... But I'm using a very inexpensive model using clock.
So I have a thousand conversations here for a couple of hours a day. So you guys get the point. You understand some of that, but you can build something that's pretty well... What I was going to say earlier...
Yeah, I've never given you the dress. It makes it a pretty thing. This is ugly. It's beautiful. It's perfect color. Why do everything? So let's see where we are, how we're doing with our other project, and I'll answer any other questions you guys have.
Yeah, sourdough's my favorite bread. Is it good? Let me tell you this. I make sourdough bread. You have to give me a recipe. If you guys come to my house, you guys come to my house, I make it for you where you live in California. Who's been to my house and who's been in my house in sourdough bread or beans? I'm in Austin, Texas. Awesome.
Okay, that's delivered, we're done, so our directory is done. It's missing the API key, so tell me there. So we have the API now. I'm going to go back and grab that. It should be still in my cuts. Let's see.
It's going to ask me for that API in a second. It's almost done, and then it's going to drop the API and pull all the data. I always wait to do the... Somebody's question earlier was, "Should you do the SEO before?" I don't think so.
The reason why is I wait until all the data, and then I have a CO because SEOs every page to decide. If I had a CO in the bill, it would only build only SEO they frame. Does that make sense? I've got more questions while this thing's wrapping up. Here I have a question.
Yeah, who's that? This Stacey Dawkins? So I'm going back to Kathy... Because I think we need to get back in order. I think Kathy's question for me is, "People were so... Wait, they're..." I'm sorry, wait. I just downloaded. Did you use that to create these? Or I mean, if we tele just to build a directory, we'll all over the place. Or we need to say, "Hey, use that Facebook directory that I uploaded earlier, then get prompt." You're going to wait directly if you use Russell's prompt.
Okay, that's my... I give you full instructions on how to use it. I just want to make sure everybody got the app and logged in. You shouldn't have to back up too much. You can use the whole thing and see it out.
I'll have a whole to-do as... Yeah, I'm giving a dummy version. So you just want to get some ideas out there in the market and make your feet wet. This is... You can start with what I'm doing, and I think everybody here agrees. Now, probably, I'm hoping... Does anybody here think they can't do what I just did? Building these things is... Anybody who feels like they still can't do it... I can't see the chat you guys like to tell me.
Well, you're going to be okay. I might be game this week, this weekend. Well, that's good, that's my job. I missed the sequence of programs you're using to do this. Okay, I'll come back to that more quickly.
So all I did was go to the tool that I gave you guys earlier, and I said, "Give me three." Let me go back to this. I'll show you instead of telling. You guys can still see my screen, right? Yes. That's Taxsherpa so I was a director of mentor.
Sorry for these things. I got screens open, so I'm going a little bit slow. Give it just a second. I just went here, and all I did was say, "Give me three really useful directories that I could build using Replit and publicly available datasets or APIs from GitHub." I just want to use one dataset to build one directory that would be useful to people. Give me three really good ideas.
That's what I asked you to roughly earlier, and it gave me three really good ideas. I'm completely different ones now. So when I picked... This tool, by the way, is the wrong tool. Hold on, I hit the wrong button. I realized the wrong button. Tool... One second, guys, the other... Let's do that guy. Give me three very useful directories that I could build with Replit that would only need one dataset or one API that I could easily find from the public API or public dataset lists on GitHub. This really needs to be a useful directory for people that could become viral.
Okay, so that's what I asked you to do. It's going to go out and look through the public list feed and all that, and it's going to come up with three good ideas, right? So if you don't have any ideas, I give you a list of 190 ideas. Let's say you don't want one.
Right. So... Yeah, this is the... Is it recalled food and food drugs recalled by director? So that was one air quality near me is another really good idea, by the way, because it's going by search volume, right?
So it's going to pull air quality data from the API. That's the one we're building now. So I gave you those three, and if you're going to score them down here, the air quality is different than what I did earlier.
I can say I really want to build the air quality one. Can you write a prompt for Replit that would tell it exactly where to get the data and the fields that it would want the most? People would want to know the most and have it build this for me and very user-friendly. Easy to digest, weigh, and it's going to write the Replit. It's going to write Replit and you're going to face that prompt reply build the whole thing for you.
It's really quite easy, and there's a prompt now I pressured prompted it earlier to ask it how to make it better, but I'm going to do something different this time because that's what we would do. We would just cut and paste, and it's a very well-written prompt.
But we're going to go here and do something a little different. Well, that along... I'm to say, assuming that I build this, it becomes popular. How can I make money from it? Question mark What are the monetization paths for this particular type of application?
He's going to go out and tell me not to monetize it too early. Generic Gus Local lead generation HGC companies Air Purifier companies Allergy companies Telehealth Providers Molder Remediation companies... Here's the revenue channels you money from Premium Alert Descriptions Sponsored City Pages. See, that't tell you exactly how to make money from it, but it's telling you not to do any of that stuff yet. We're going to add that once it gets popular. We're going to get a little bit of popularity and find out. Brutally...
Before I add anything to this, I can give you a list of types of groups that I probably share this with on Facebook. I would find it useful and helpful. That's going to tell me exactly how to get our... Now neighborhood groups, parenting groups, and PA groups as analogy groups.
So when you build this thing and you share it without asking for anything, it's going to get a reality. Once it has morality, then you make the money. You don't screw the girl while you're standing in the coffee shop. You wait to get it on a date.
That's a pretty crude thing to say, but marketers all want to have sex on the date they all want to... Hey, you click on a page, buy something for me. You need to give them a little opportunity to devalue on what you got and get some value of what you're doing, and then you'll be good to go. Let's go. Take one quick look over here.
Yeah, and we'll drop the API key in. Now it's going to take off and publish this. When I come back at one today, I'll show you the final version of the. I'm going to get out here for now and let Russ continue with what he was doing.
But is everybody satisfied now and happy that they have the ability to do this? At least at the level that I can... Does everybody feel pretty confident about their ability to do this at the level that I showed you? Is there anything that you just like? I can't do that. Where did you plug in an API into and start building the API? Let's see... Russ will ask you for the API key.
So Russ asked me for it if you notice I was just showing it. It hides it once you go, but it puts it in a secret area. Russ will say your API key is here and I just did it and it gave me notice of the top... You don't have an API key yet, so we can't complete this. It gave me a notice.
Then you... Not in the director's building the directory now the director program. Yeah, we went from ChatGPT into the director to start and then you moved that to... Well, we were from ChatGPT and we got the replic code, so went ChatGPT for us over here. It wrote us all the code that we needed. It wrote us a prompt, right?
So we just cut and paste the prompt and anything that it needs like an API or any of that... Russ will ask you for it. It will prompt you into... That was my question. Yes, or that's correct. Okay, yeah, okay.
All right, so I'm going to let Russ take back over now. Thank you all for being here. I really appreciate it. I'll be back with guys at one o'clock doing monoratio and traffic at one, but I'll show you where we are on the project here when I come back. Thank you for being here. I appreciate it. Quick question. Sure, I loved... I was in line with you and I remember you saying a few times, pick on me.
I know that. I've been doing a lot of code work stuff for cloud stuff, and now we've got... Is there any magic bullet on when you use which one? Yeah, Reckless is done easily. So here's the thing about Replit. There's nothing easier. Love's probably about as easy as it does software as well. Level builds beautiful websites, but I don't... It builds as good as software, it's as easy to use.
That's really... I think what it's broken... Compu... And... Versal which is considerably more complicated but still good. CG code clog code is this. This is the way I always say. CG code is Photoshop, right? Repl replay is... Okay. Point shoot point and shoot. You just want what you want, and it figures out what you want and it builds it when you're using clouds. A more complex one, and it asks for permissions, and I do a lot of things that are not near as automatic.
Yeah, you guys up there because this is fun because I just like on 40 sessions, new one. Yeah, you know GitHub... And that's programs, right? That's why Russell always getting everybody to replicate that's never done this before. Once you get to replicate like I'm now doing, I'm not dealing with agents, which sounds crazy for me, but it's because I'm not technical, but as you get used to... This is a base step, right? This is a baby step, and it's really simple.
You can actually bundle up what you have here and go... Go put into Gemini, or you want to put in later. There's... Possibility to... That can get more... If you're... So you'll... Every Wednesday for the next six weeks, we're working on directly launching. They'll be a directory launch in the next weeks and ignite, so you're going to have six weeks to tone it in, so you might be supermananced the six weeks.
But why? I want it right now. It's just to get you guys... As we... To polish it. I'm going to publish. That's hard to build. But you saw there I put two commands and a PPC. That's how long it took to build this whole thing, right?
That's been very helpful, thank you. All right, Russ, you there, buddy? Yes, I'm here, right? Rockel, I'm going to sit out here and you... I'll... You're awesome. I just got a message to make you want to jump on with...
We're going to go over this just so everybody understands. Remixing an app. I actually got it and then I lost it. No, I want you to see you remix it, so do Mike. Would you be able to jump on with me? I'm going to share a link with you and we'll just walk through it. I don't worry about... I get somebody else. Kathy Lane, did you figure this out? I believe I got you. It's all set up. I'm sharing the screen, okay? So you can see how this works.
Okay, so guys, what I did is I shared a link like "Copy this link." It comes up here, and I'm going to paste it. Once I paste it, you've got to do something because I'm basically sharing you my working final app right here.
So once it loads, I'm instructing everybody, and most of you've done this, so don't... I can do this again. We're 90% there. Nobody hasn't done this and still want to get this code software on their own account. Once you get into this link, you click this button, and down here you see it says "Remix."
You see this new remix blueprint. I'm clicking the drop-down that says "Remix." It opens a pop-up model right in the middle of my screen, and I have the ability because it's going to mine or yours. You own this, you're going to remix it. You can name it whatever you want if you want to leave it like that, and then you're going to remix the app. Once you do that, you only open up a brand new window. Or it says the same window.
It's yours, and you should let me know. "Hey, I got it. I did this, and now you have it." So somebody else can take a turn, right? I don't get fifteen people in here at a time. I get five people in here.
So I've done that. Worked out really well. So now once you get in there, some people are like, "Wait, how do I sign in?" So you're not signing the... You're signing right here. This is an app. It is unpublished. Can see this... Is published, and I do click sign in because this is my app, right? Here's the window. I'm going to sign in.
These default... Russell put a 6 and 6. We have decredential put in chat quick chat. So this one actually has a 6. So I'm going to go to admin@admin.com and then this... I got... Sure I spelled right. Then I put in admin123456780. Log in... I'm logging.
If you want to go ahead and make yourself a user you log in. You go here user. You can add a new user and put yourself in. You can yourself an admin editor. Okay, all is coming up. Let me share the link for anybody that was just dragging feet wanting to get into this.
Again, if you want to have this mix, this is not for you. Do not click this link because it's of one out. Okay? Right, I'm in here. Are you starting for the beginning Russ? Beginning, right?
So let me... Anything for a minute here. I'm going to put that in there. I should say a few more people, and I call out, "Make sure that everybody's done." Michael, I've seen you been here three different times. Have you remixed this thing yet? Michael Rider, Michael Rayer, yeah, it was... Michael Ray, what I did was I did the one from yesterday remix that, and I did it last night, and I still haven't got the directory up.
So let's jump into a stranger... Let me give you that point. I help you Robert Bryan remix. If it disappeared, you can always go back. You can find out you still have this. If you go back to your rep's home and you're going to see all the apps that you made.
If you go to projects and you can see if you made it. If you didn't remix it, you just said I clicked a link and I paid my network, so that's going to be a problem we're waiting for. Okay? I share stamping. Okay, yeah, don't right to that.
Yeah, I just want to make sure because I saw your name in there. Like, "Man, I should have had it hopefully by now." So guys, I need to remove some of Paddy Baker. Are you Don Leonardo? I know you were in earlier. Did you finish? Mindy JD... Paddy Baker can jump on a screen share all right now and show yours... Wait on a Michael... Would you want to do that? Pay no... Already remix it I believe so... I don't have to... No, I'm really behind. You can just look at the link. It's two clicks.
Okay, what's the share in? Sure Russ's my log inst work I'm using 2457. Okay let me see... [Laughter] First who was speaking? This is David Bell. David Bell, okay, did you ever find out screenshare?
Yeah, let's screenshare you right now. I want everybody to see this. I like helping people on theirs, I like letting them drive. Okay, I'm not... [Laughter] Right. All right, we got David's camera, but I can't... The ring button, it's the green button on your Zoom.
I think it's ring right? It's a GenAI, it's a PC and you're... It's not going to... You're in dark mode if you're... What is it dark? It's just a black thing that just says black... Okay, David, I'm going to handle the link right now. I don't know if you clicked it. You've got your res up. Copy link and I'm going to write a message because I know everybody just jumps on that link as soon as I hit it, even if I don't need it.
So here's a link. If you click on that, I have a link, but I'm trying to log into it, and it's Zoho screening now, so I need to see... Stream, so just click. I think it's the second tab up there.
Yeah, okay, so this is... Okay, so you've added an admin.com and the password is admin12345678. I put in admin12345678. That's going to be it. Let's go and see you log right here. That's what is... Hey, don't talk over, hold on a second, I'll put the credentials in... You see the part that has users right down there.
So... Users... Or... 12345... Action from the WebEx user. Now you can add yourself if you can have your own email address, but you're 100% in the software you have it. Thank you. You're welcome. So you remove... You as you can. I want to be there, but I'm sure you're in your remax that you're not removing me from my... I'm that's not master, that's the one as like... Right? I'm managing master you're... It's as safe if you don't mix you don't... Here remix. I'm removing you, and please don't serve the master, I guess, but yeah, you're... All right, so let's tell somebody else, okay?
Sorry, I mean the admin... Locate the email is admin@admin.com like... Okay, I'm going to... You have a zoom chat on the right. Okay, are you close to... Don't you need help? I mean the admin Morgan and the email admin@admin.com or complex. I'm...
Yeah. Admin... You saw I just posted right there, the credential I'm sure my screen... I just... So you understand the credentials right here are admin.com and then the password is admin12345678.
So what I'm speaking is if I'm logged out of the site. Do you see like this or you see it like the home page? You're... I'm talking about going up here clicking sign in. You can specifically take this as admin@admin.com. Then you can take this as admin12345678. Bas that sign... Does that make sense? I'm sorry, I'm getting confused for us.
Okay, seriously, let's talk it. No, I don't know if you're searching... Are you? I got in and then now I'm on the dashboard and I have to go to you or... All right, so awesome, so manual. I can see a screen clean... Follow along with this string.
So Manuel over on the floor right, you see sign and your cursor... Sign it, click that and then go to an email address and you're going to type in admin@adminon.com. All right? Then the password you're going to type in admin12345678. Now click sign in. Manuel is in.
So if you want to create your own username, you see the users up there, you see users about six down the blue buttons. Dashboard you're just seeing. Yeah, you click that and you can add your own user. You see that blue button has a user, perfect.
Okay, who else can help out? So I'm not getting in there for reason keeping invalid using your password. Okay, who am I talking with? Ambro, can you share your screens as well? Probably not. I'm on my phone, okay? I just want to make sure that you're on the you're touching on logs. Some people have been confused like I'm login have happened and they're trying to login... So they confuse.
Yeah, so you got it's your own account. Let me share with you guys. So I'm talking about specific software. If you're going to AP it and trying to log in, there's not like you're going to create your free account. You come in and you have projects. Each of these projects is going to have its own individual login, so I put my admin full access and access. I just instead of editor manage entries... Yeah, the rosters do you want you yourself as admin? You're charging okay, thank you.
So it's send you... Yeah, I'll send you the link so I'm going to copy this and is Ambro right? All right, Ambro, let's go chat, and here's a link. So I just click that link. It's going to open this, and I'm going to click this button, click Remix.
I have a pop-up, I name it whatever I want. I click Remix app, and it goes into my own account, and I save it. If you didn't do this portion, you're going to lose it. You're going to lose access to this thing.
So you have to follow exactly the steps I did, and I'm another user. I think you're still picking up a conversation we had a couple of things ago. Yes, you're fully in control, you're in your app, you can do everything.
I'll have Vides demonstrate all the whistles and to-do's. There's a lot to this. Up there's a to-do where you can add in SCS. I just want to make sure you get access to this. So let's make sure everybody gets this before they belong, right? There it is.
If we get out share screen, I'll go to see how it's done. I'm trying various ways, right? I don't have to be the software user now because I'm just logging in to Rex. Who am I telling? Yeah, so all right, so Marius' message... You here we have... As you think so, are you able to share your screen? Yes, so I want to share a link with you. Copy and click this link. No.
Yeah. Okay, click on the link, and let's share your screen. I think the screen helps users because people that don't understand are starting to get it like this. I do have to follow this process. This is what I need to do. You need to confirm... I guess for your screen, I tore mine. I need to confirm who's done with this.
So let's see how it allows multiple presents of sharing reports. Okay, you're sharing. Okay, I was waiting for you to go ahead and share now. Okay, can you click the link that I sent the message to you?
When you... I'll start... Else. No, you don't need to continue with Google. I don't have credentials for this, you need to start your own account. So I just have my account here, alright, get logged into it, please.
All right, we wait... Talk it loads, but we know what to do, right? You so go to the top. Click "New Remix CLI" and click "Remix". If you go with that name, click the blue button as "Remix", just change it later, click "Up", and wait till the app loads.
That's all right. Okay, you're there, you're done. Now this... I want to tell you guys to click that signing on the right, your first was almost there. Okay, sorry, but you understand now where to put those actual dummy credentials, right?
So let's right on the far right-click "Sign in". That's the left-right. Sign in and you're definitely going to an@admin.com. The password is going to be... Yeah, there you go, admin@admin.com and then go to the password. You're going to admin 12345678.
All right? Then you find out if anybody else... I got this private episode. Okay, thanks for going to the next person. I'll clarify the people are asking about these credentials, if for why do they need the admin credentials when they already have their own account? Can you explain that again? Why did... So this is different guys, I'm not giving you replica credentials, I'm giving software credentials.
So the BIGGPRINT software's... It needs its own... It's an individual stand-alone application, so it needs credentials. It needs admin. So I may do dummy credentials get in that you can delete later or you can add your own or you can sleep like that.
So I guess to put it like... Say we have a house, the replica is a house, right? And there are people that live in a house. We'll say their apps... Let's say the mommy that lives in the house, it may make it different.
It's going to... Its identity forging it's username and password. So that's not... So you have your own login that low mommy like mommy is the individual makeup application that I'll give you dumb credentials you can login so you can run as...
Okay, yeah, I'm a bit confused, I who was this? Okay, yeah, so I got to the probe foot buffer and print deities download yesterday and so the auto dietary mastery. I don't know what to do with that.
So it did it air out when you did that? A lot of that is why I have news today. It air out. You just have it what everybody else has now. Well, so what I've got. I have it in the message box, but I'm yet to... I need to write anything, so can I share it with you? Yes, please share your... For time. Since I do and then I'm a copy link for... I have to message privately because everybody's just clicking on even if they don't need it. Thank you much for starting to show up, David. A second.
Okay, so I see it, so let's... I'm going to give you a link what's name again? David, I'm going to send you a link and I want you to go to it because I want to do you over from scratch, okay? So I have just private messaged you a link, okay? Can you see that in the chat? Yes, can you click on that link?
All right? Now we're getting... Are you just typing what we're doing here? Okay, let me see if this is... We got some slow internet. I guess that's fine. All right, I'm a few people I know, they've been here a while that should have gotten this done.
Yeah, Russell, why you're doing that? A question from the masses here is, the remainder of this particular call, are you going to just continue to get the train of people in? And then people who are already in can close out of this part they can join back in and now they gob lunched.
So you got the resp you're going to go we're going to demonstration videos and all these kinds of troubleshoot user videos for you to use the provided later because there's no way to cover this before the so awesome... Any guys mute your mics if you're trying to talk right now.
Okay? I want you to go to it. The tech new remix blueprint directories. The dropdown should say Remix the remix and then I want you to rename it if you like, but I want you to click that web as a remix app. All right. On's three weeks. Wait for a minute and then I'll say you're going to... Let's see if it's through all right? You're good, awesome, good job. That's yours. Do you understand where to go? Sign in to this. You're refreshing click there and that's admin.com and password 1234567. I'm screen... Go on to next week you don't watch... Go this mic... Can share my screen Michael have it at least share screen like and Michael Ray right I'm a message to you too. I'm going to get you in this is what I have yeah let's go for the link let's start again.
So I just pmdu or DNDA link. I don't want you to just go for the easy meeting Zoho I get back to that thank you. You stop your screen click link yours. Okay yeah I stop sharing. Okay on share. So just people who have already... They can jump off this call and we'll see at one CR CER for the big sessions and motizations be more demo and more action on tech as well. As Russell just said that he's going to be creating a library of tutorials to walk you through this in the future.
So go ahead, pop up if you are done, and we'll keep the people who still need to get this set up and we'll have them covering them. We'll jump off as well. Thank you. All right, we need... So guys, see that link right there? You must go to the link I've got already. Now, no, I don't do anything that I want. You just click a link. We're going to screen, okay? Any other thing is going to be erroneous as to what we're trying to do, so I'll go ahead and share. Share as soon as click link, it's opening your browser, let's share in...
Okay? Is it all right? So I want you to go to its remix. Big Footprint director at the top left, you look at that and you drop down. It is going to remix a good no. You're clicking on the text drop down. Remixes are going to pop up. Moo. As soon as you do that...
All right. If you want to rename it, you can but you can like this. You can change it later, but I want you to click that blue button that says remix up and it's going to be stored and saved as your own property and your own replica go.
It's like a remix aspect. Click that as all rights for the screen load. It's going to be doing nothing. Don't click anything. I'm just going to wait for you to get... It's going to be living... Do as I say. Go ahead.
You know what to sign in now, right? Topsonyeah@adminandamin.comad12345678 you're there, John Michael. All right, who are you next? Kathy, your hands up. Are you able to...? Yeah, I know I can help you there if you want to share your screen if you have any issues.
All right, I'm going to check and see if we have the shared link. Everybody out there... Patty Baker's done, I think. Great pay. Are you...? Kathy's not responding. Brandon, you had your hand up. Okay, Brandon, do you know or Martin? Thank you for your patience guys, I have several up here and let me make sure I get to them. Just Lincoln, ChatGPT again please.
Yeah, okay, coming up. Sorry about... I work for everybody guys, so you have to wait for it. I don't know that Lincoln's ChatGPT invite copy. We already went over it. I don't know if you're asking for a password. It's supposed to default, but we just went over that and you know how you do it, so I'm supposed to... Again, but I know that helps. The password isn't in the doc.
It is right there. Okay? Any need somebody to say, "Hey, any help?" Because nobody's responding to... I'm pinging. All right? My... Hanging up. So who is rustling? He's help microwave... [Laughter] I just... I think I screed of something.
So you screen again, send... You're free to fly. You did everything right, you let me share the screen here and then... All right, so I'm going to go bury next. Okay, so I think what I'm messing up on here is my email address.
It's going to be admin@admin.com. Okay? The password is still going to be admin12345678. Okay, forget the .com on the email. Yeah, Michael, attention to detail on that if you can. Yeah, so you're going to type in admin12345678.
Okay, cool. Are there, right? So Barry was next. Hey, Barry, can you... Very... Boswell... You need help? I did okay. If you're a good young or you need... Here's the problem. Did you see my screen? No, you want to share it? I thought I did. I'm done. Russell, yeah, right. You're going to go... But if you get lunch, I don't know what this very anythinger paint is. I don't know how to share the screen. Where are you stuck at? Visualize. I'm in the replay account, my own account.
Okay, I tried uploading the file. Don't do that. We're doing a different thing. Okay, I think what was happening is the link kept getting overloaded. It's right, that's 100% right. Message doing... I did early... I want you to exactly do that link so... I'm going to run through what you would be doing.
Okay, so it looks like this. Then in that chat... You see, by the chat... Because we've a couple back forces. You're going to click that link, it opens like this, and then you're going to go here and you're going to remix and then click that awesome, and you know what to do now two quickes.
Yeah, I'm going to name it Bigfoot. I'm really creative, and I'm in, and I see this so... Now I finally... Thank you. You're welcome. I share my screen now I'm finding it twice. I do it on my computer. My darling, I can't get enough of your lower... Your voice sounds... I wonder if it's for the screen... The green button... Call a few people... Hands down.
Okay, yeah, looks like we've got only about six left. Okay, let me give you a new one. I talk ambro. Okay, one second here and a message again... Chat and then we're going to... Peter. I keep coming in over and over. We'll have to help him out, I guess.
Okay, can you click into that link, Ambro? Then it'll open up a window. So I just chatted you... I slowed you to a DM and has a link to click. All right, and then Anthony Nitz... Are you done? I'm logged in, but I'm not getting the remix option here, so... Yeah, after Ambro, I'll keep it there. I don't know... Was this Michael Ray here? Okay, no other Tim Bryce.
Okay, so Ambro, turn attention to you. I just want to be sure to get people out there that's already done it. Okay, so it's going to be loading. Give it a second. You've got a couple of other things... As are loading on the left-hand side that might be on your internet down. They're just standing there, they work on stuff. Last night, you might just favorite them and close.
All right, so let's go there. Alright? So let this load go. Alright? So go to the new remix... No, don't do that icon, yeah, click that and remix. Alright, so then we're going to have a popup name what you want.
Alright, and then click Remix app. You don't change that name later on. This is internally named anyway and we'll wait till it loads, okay? And then as soon as that's... I'm going to take your name off. Awesome, good.
Okay, great job. This is your... Where it's signing, right? I think we're down the far right. You see the words sign in, no left, go the right far right, keep going right. It's under the... Sign in at...
Yeah, regular cursor, yellow arrow. That's like zooming, right? Yeah, click that. Now this is where you can do admin@admin.com with the password being admin12345678. I'm going to
send a link to anybody else. So each Bryce I was unable to jump on, I got cleared up. I don't... Maybe I actually sent you a link, Steve. Yeah, Tony Towns... Let's see, we got Martin Williams. Martin, you're awesome, I'm right, you're good.
Yeah, so you have the instructions as software you can set... You can go to users... As others... I'll have instructions on how to use this software and there's YouTube about it yet. So you... You have to back up that exactly. We'll send it out with the final replays after day three. How do you use this stuff?
Okay, I got it. All right, so let's go with Stan. You said Stan, yeah, okay, Stan, are you able to do a share screen chat? Are you waiting for a link? Sure. Sure, green. I'm sure. Send you a link, Sam, just in case. Is everybody okay with this? I'm sorry to take a lot of your time.
I think we're working really well. It's coming up, Stan, so I want to make everybody's frustrated so that they got one question, Mica, when you get done, right? Yeah, I think we got you pretty much there.
I mean these six people out. You got the wrong link who? Stan, I sent you a link. Do not click this. Do you know where your DM is? You're chat... I got a chat where's the DM? Do you see one from Russell? This topic looks like I'll send it again... Don't call me, send it again. I put it in the chat and everything... Include "dam" as the word... The right.
So just like Sam, click this for a second. I think you got buddy, don't Teresa, Robin, something... I got... Okay, yeah, I'm just... This is... I'm just a real quick finishing up trying to get it from the new replay account into the old replay account before... Are you mixing? [Laughter] We're getting mixed into a new account, but I've got to get it into my paid account, so I've gone back on Stan. We're doing it right?
So you have this app, right? Let's go to that. It's your remix footprint right here. Yeah, and I click that and then remix it, and it's going to have a pop-up, and then name it whatever you want. But my real focus concentration is how you click that blue remix button. Yes, or one step away, one click away from glory.
So it's going to open up a window or stay in the same window. This is going to be your app? Yeah, right, thank you so much. I want... I'm holding a little bit longer. I see populate, and we talk about where you go to login. Okay, so of course he has done where you... The email was... Yeah, okay, so the movie is loading, and then we'll go to... Hey, I'm sorry. A quick announcement before you go to the next person is I'm just hard-working for the team. For people who are general admission and want the replays, they are going to extend the time of the replays through the weekend through Monday, so you'll get access through an email. You should have received it probably, or it's going out with the next hour. You'll get access to a members area, and that members will have those replays for you for all the sessions so that you guys can go and follow along.
So thank you very much. Okay, let's take an... Because we really have... Eighty hands up, so... GenAI, yes, yeah. Okay, how's it going? Can I send you a link quick, please? All right, so here comes the chat. Drive a chat, and you click... Are you confident in doing that?
We can be on to this person, or would you prefer to stranger? I prefer strangers only to us having trouble yesterday. I said no problem. So yeah, it is cool, I just need to get in. Whoa, are there any places that...? Hey, GenAI, if it's in the big chat, it's going to be recent.
Okay, you can see the chat, right? Yes, okay, give me a second. Click this link. I need you, GenAI, to get this. It's not a slide from pre-you've never seen before. It promises it's the same thing like so if you click that and then we can go through everything all right? You better click it fast, man. I see a few people ready to click it fast. Did you find it in the chat? I did find it.
So I hadn't really opened and signed you to log again. Yeah, you just logged in and you should share your screen. Okay, so she's got a quick link. I guess a couple more people that are waiting for a link. We have about nine spots left. See GenAI and Nelson Olson in there again?
That's... I'm on your computers right now, so it's you that's awesome. Okay, now I know you're in there. Do you feel confident? I don't see a screen yet, so I definitely want to move on if... Yeah, no, I have to go.
Okay, and then we have... Okay, so your GenAI is another GenAI in here that's not... Two hands up, one for GenAI and one for GenAI. No, it's on the lower end. We got Michellebert next. Any link? I... I got the link.
I've upgraded and I did the remix and every time I go to log in or do you see my screen? Now let's share your screen because I never... The upgrade. Maybe you just had to come for a while and you already... Are you joking or something?
Because I was on a step I was telling people to do. It's great, it's not used all my tokens after yesterday. Thank you. Okay, that's if I... Okay, go that one. All right, so you have it now. You call it "inspt."
Okay, so all you have to do is click the Xbox, take the credentials. You don't say that. So right, so and email go and type in "admin@admin.com." Yeah, I did end up in admin12345678. Yep, I know I'm going to watch to see if it fails. Did you announce it correctly?
I've done it like 15 times. Okay, what we do... Let's do another remix, make sure you do a lower taste. I did... I've done another remix, I just made it... Let's make a new one somehow. Okay, so that link that I provided you... I think you might have already clicked it. It's your gen 19 no.
Okay, that's on an... Can you click that link again? I chat... I've done one on here like copy and then paste. Okay, you see it in the Zoho chat... So I want you to go back and remix this. Go and click that button again, and then go ahead and pile it. Something unique to me.
So it's loading and this is your unique one. Unique... All right, so now this is on my PayPal account, right? This is on your account. You own this. Now go to sign in. Now you're going to add admin@admin.com and you're going to add 12345678 sign in... Right, so you're building good docs. Thank you.
Right, we have... Now right there you make your string. I know that I've seen you a couple of times. What can I do to help? Okay, open system settings. Okay, there are some settings to allow for sheriff as a school sure.
Sorry, quick thing here because I watched it. I know you already did it earlier. Much else... Do you need to do it again? So I'm just going to add a user. So I'm at that point when I add a user, so when I add myself as a user, you know here.
Well, I'll wait for a minute. Okay? I'm going to just do... Now. Okay, well you double that I think is a big blueprint. I said twenty seconds ago I assume this is the one you're doing. Yeah, no, okay, I want you to... I'm like you're already in there, let's just copy this link. I'm going to do this like I want to... I didn't hear you... Any of... Okay? Can you hear me now? You're okay, so I just sent you a link. I want you to go to Zoom chat and click it. Where's the chat? It might have disappeared when you shared the screen.
Yeah, it did stop sharing the screen and then click the link... It stops. I'll... Here's a tap... [Laughter] I don't know, you're... I gotta remove you, and then... On removing you... Do you want to get it now? You might refresh it or reload it. I'm there.
Yeah, you're okay, so now share the screen again. Okay, so now remix. Yeah, I could click one please and you call it a new remix. Awesome. Let's... If you click be... But I want to have as relief and we're going to wait for it to load a new application. Or is it in my...?
It's in my... It will be in your account. You can actually not use that one that says big footprint because you have one that says new L caps. I don't do anything for us, so let's stay here. Go ahead and click the sign in over there on the right. You are good sign and you... You just know how to sign in. You go and click sign in and type in those... Credentials. @.com admin sorry.
So we have fewer spots that people are waiting for that link and then the password. Yeah, Adman 1234567, and then we'll be on to... Because you are golden. Good job, great job and mean account for... I'm so... You can go back to your... Repli. You don't need to save credentials.
But I guess if you go back to Replet, it's titled in nickel. So if you want to go back, you see that icon? It was underneath the star. I guess it's either just whatever you would like to go back or attack.com or whatever just to show you.
Yeah. Click attack.com, click Enter. Go to projects on the left-hand side and you'll see the different... The newest... You know that's awesome. Yeah, so you're good, great job. Okay, we're Leonardo. Anybody are you waiting for a link? You're by Leonardo, not Leonardo or Leonard. My... Yeah, Leonardo. It's actually Lenny.
But so I did the... Let me... Sure, I'm sure... Sorry I did see where I'm not... Yeah, so I did it the other way yesterday and it actually loaded, but then when I tried to publish it, it would just publish. I just clicked the link just now and let's make it quick. You... I'm just...
Because we can't... This long. I get as much... Let's got a new remix on the top left. Okay, click that and the remix. Yep, and we're going to type the title for this one. Lenny Sharp directories that way. This is the golden one that you're going to do right now. You're going to go hit the remix app and it should reload. Just wait for it there.
Alright, we're going to our final five people. Awesome. All right, I'm going to remove... You did a great job, okay? So right here you can go log in and you can sign in with those defaults you're going to publish. There's no reason to publish this yet, because you've got to change out all this.
Yeah, right. What happens is the version I installed yesterday didn't have a sign in, so I think it was the one with the 200MB in the file. I'm glad you were able to follow me with... That was awesome, but yeah, this seemed much easier. I but a couple of CS, so thank you guys for staying with me.
All right. So let me... I'm going to say every industry talk sharing awesome, okay? And I'm gonna lower hand and we have rough ravina, is that right? Yeah. Okay, well, now I got it, I could not login. I this is the first two hours of this call, so I'm just.
Yeah. So I just want to make sure that this new thing is replacing filet file on the other file from yesterday because that one, it's uploaded, but it would never go past. But let's do this again for you, just so you know you have it, you feel solid. Everybody's doing this process you have.
So I'm just going to share my screen, take a look, because, wait, here's my screen. Do you see my screen? Not just it's hopefully loading up to your screen button now it'sing in. Okay, so that's you'reg into software I'm so different and this is it, I don't have to do anything else. This is it.
Yeah, you have okay great then I'm done thank you good job thanks that's awesome. Right, so my Bob next you can hear me. Okay? Just okay, I was you I think I just the problem I had was I had to open a new replic account because of a couple of linkages and that sort of thing.
And so I've got that open now it's established, but I didn't yet know how to get the big foot into that, so its right I'm gonna provide this link right now we're having it. There's enough open spots a and click that link I just provided in the chat and we're gonna over share screen. We didn't lose him, did we? I don't think so, no.
Okay, yeah, I was just clicking on that link and it open that to megasys directory. So Andrew, you let me know if we're with, you know, any messages. I'm wholly focused on all these guys, so if there's anything else, I'm an [Laughter] she's left message.
Okay? I think all I have to is click on that new remix with Foot Race the Taxi. I have to do I have the number left. Are you not confident in an insurance screen right now? I can... We literally have a couple. Jana has done an awesome good job. Jana... Okay, so it looks like yes.
So right there with texts remix, they flick beta director click right, and when it has a drop-down, if you click it's gonna remix, I click, okay, there's a remix mix, we're gonna have a popup. You can... But you can just cut that blue.
But if you want it's to... I want to see blue. But we're going to wait to reload because it's gonna be loading the app that's in your personal web account. You want to be starting to it already. So yeah, you're awesome shows up, you've seen a couple of demonstrations, you go to sign in so you can sign into that on the far right click that.
I mean, let me get ready and those are things are crazy cause I can't see at all. And yeah, there you go. Now sign it is on the... All right, if you can see, I click that and right there's where we're using...com wants to hear this delivery that's funny.
And a password. That's gonna be Adman. 124 8 dickle me all right you're a great job and you can say you can users your own passwords credentials we't a password forgot is built in so forget just correctly.
But I... Yeah, I got it right. It's going to remove you're sharing your job. All right, well you're... Can we need to talk to this what's it be what's it to be removed access? So sometimes... Go ahead and you can do Cris.
Okay, I'll get you over here. I didn't know this was the weirdest thing over here. All right, so do you need a link to go ahead and get that remix? I could probably get that... I'll just share this quickly if we can put that in here we're gonna see can you see anything there at seegoogle.com.
Okay, good. So, yeah, this is the strangest thing ever. Just popped into... You're revealing your credentials right now. Okay, but that's what... So go over to projects on the left-hand side...
Yeah, well... Done as well. Yeah, you've done it six times. So click on one to click the first block so you're right in. Scalable, right? So you have this in your thing six times. You can sign in... Have admin@admin.com and then type it.
Then type in that password. If anybody can remember it, sign it. I have a login failure. Now this is what's been happening, so I did it. Show what you typed in like a little link I think. Well, I think it could potentially be the password program, but let's... My password.
Yeah, let's... Me this one more time. I'm going to get seventh there. I'm going to call this... I call it a good password final, so I'm going to link back in there. Okay, so that's what's been happening is now I'm blocked up.
All right, just close that. I just want you to click a link. I like it. I click that link out still screen. Share if you can get your... We get your reset. Can you imagine somebody went in there and changed the password just because you're admin 234? This is Julie. I'm having that problem.
Okay, Joe will just run through doing the same thing I want to do. You're going to do the same thing as you're... Yeah, follow along with Bill. So we're doing this and go up to that and then Rex and you have values. Someone just called this final. It's very fun of it. Call it final or a good password.
Yeah, cool. Then you need to remix and wait. So this is going to be a good working copy. Just in case there are any issues, we're going to go over to sign in at the top... Hopefully this is working the same way. Julie, we'll go and try admin@admin.com and don't save this password... Don't... A password... Save anything. I wasn't trying to save anything.
[Laughter] I don't like that. I like to add into admin 12345678 and click on... There's something wrong with that. I don't... What do you give a copy and paste or something in there? I don't know that I'll copy from your actual box, and I'll copy that in paste in a second. On the left hand side, six times.
That's on the left hand, all right, on the left hand side. Can you go and... You can say "Can you reset the password for admin@admin.com?" The doc is missing six, so make sure that it has a sex in there, not the doc, is it? Not yet, no, I got the sex in there, so let's ask you to reset the password for admin@admin.com.
It's a... This small letter "e" Russell and deal. Yeah, I wish I could show you any. Wait, you can tell it. What does reset it to? So just say reset the min.com to password 123. Okay, or whatever you want, and then hopefully you'll do that. We can always go to the database or something to see...
That's the issue. Yeah, and then I want to do for five guns in that it doesn't... It's basically locking up whenever this happens. It seems there's something about the redwad account here. Go up the thing that has tools and files, you see.
Plus thing that says that you click that and then type in database and they type in database. It should populate that I think there's something wrong to rip it out. Yeah, the weirdest part is all my other projects run fine.
Okay, where are we going to? They're... Don't go anywhere else, okay? I'm not trying to... I'm trying to computer, it's like locking up when I talk about your computer is your computer that's doing this click a wait or something. See how this is like no loading?
Yeah, but it only happens when you take a run no database when you need to click database, you see that? Me, yeah, because I make sure that the users are there... You haven't or something. Now it's a 1.5GB speed that's faster than anybody.
Well, okay, I just... It's in the roles because I just told him to copy to get it for... Fine. Yeah, I don't know, it's an account that's doing this. It's... It's just on a call, and I'll give you all fixed up in whatever on a different thing.
Okay? No problem. Awesome. All right, so you say Julie about that he's a smart person, so I know that it's not your fault. Julie, how are you doing? I was going to get it. No, sorry, it's all the hands. This is the last call before we run out to lunch. I got 40 minutes before we start talking, so is anybody else? Robert, what's by...? I'll try and see if I can get it to go. Yes.
Okay. So basically, I'm where I need to be. I did a remix. I did this sign with the password, and that gave us... I did this on my paid regular account. My question is, once I get in there and I look at that comm, it shows my projects, I see my projects, I have worked on, and I see this most recently, they're just working on right now.
Because my question is, do I have to do anything with changing my password to gain access to all the... Can I get straight into...? You're good, perfect, thank you very much. Great. I do have a few people I had... Anthy that was on there. Anthony, do you get this covered? I want to make sure I got you, but Robert, Roman, Julie, extra good, anybody else? Final call for alcohol... I'll... Did I make sure that I covered everybody?
All right. Thanks a lot. Ross's done well. I have a question if... Because I have two Rolly accounts. If I want to remix this over... We'll like share this to myself. I'm saying that I don't like you.
Yeah, so okay, so even I was going to show this and that so invite this is a free account guys I go invite I can grab a copy link and that's exactly what I was using to share with you, right? So all you have to do is create an account. These are individual apps.
So if I want to be able to use this, I can send him a personal invite or I copy this link and send it just like I was to most people. They will have five people that they can collaborate on, but the thing is, when they go to remix it, they can make their own.
So basically, if you shared that link with your other account, you can bring it over and it's Facebook coloring. That's just for this app, correct? For any app you make on what you can do... Well, I mean that when I do the share, I'm just sharing that for sharing that individual app. Each one has its own individual shareings. You can actually go back and look at collaboration.
So I'm going to get out here and go home. I can actually go to settings, and then I go to settings. I can go over to account seats, and I can see who I was sharing this with. It tells me I was sharing with them.
Okay? When I share it, can I set an admin level? Like if they're just able to publish, they're just collaborators only until you get to a higher level of whatever. They will not have the ability to republish, they will have the ability to buy a domain or put a domain on.
It's only limited when you just have collaborators. But what we did is I didn't make collaborators. I made you shareable to keep it yourself. You want it now, it's in your car. Thank you. Okay, thank you for your grace, man. You're awesome drops because he just spent four hours with you guys, helping you guys get into this amazing want.
[Laughter] Replays the replays. You'll get an email over the next hour. It takes a bit of time. They have over 500 emails are sending out to everyone, but you'll get a member's portal area where you log in, you'll see the replay.
Okay, every single person who is int talk about those. We'll be back here at 1 PM, same Zoho link, so we'll see you in about five minutes. [Laughter] Thank you. Right, it's been great getting to work with you guys and getting this update for you, so thank you for being nice.
That's... We show a lot of kindness today, so... We'll see you later, okay? All right, thanks a lot. Okay, awesome. Got a lot of screen and hopefully on site, so... You actually have the app now that my code app is fully on screen, you are...
There you have... We screen. It's excellent because you can actually have you help share some of these links because we can have up to a certain amount of collaborators. So yeah, I got some easy wins for you guys today. I'm glad you joined us back.
It was just like going to a museum and you've taken so much and then burnt up you can't do anymore. There are still others in the museum to see arts and you just can't get it.
I think that's the point we got yesterday. So today.